Session 8 12/11/23 - WAH OH MY GOD IT'S BEEN LIKE A MONTH I FORGOT TO DO THE RECAP. Sorry! I was on vacation! Uhhhhhhhhhhh, lemme check my notes... Okay, so, [[Drayax]] immediately took the lead by splitting off to go check out the magic item shop [[Fizzie's Arcane Items]] in a much later district. He encountered a [[dark cryomancer]] who uh... Just kind of stood there ominously T posing in the background waiting for him to do something. After trying the back door (locked), and some failed parkour attempts on icey stone walls in a dark alleyway, Drayax decided to risk going to the front door where the [[Black Ice]] Cryomancer attacked. Drayax fired a crossbow bolt and the [[cryomancer]] straight up caught it out of the air. Drayax fell during the fight, aaaaand we'll get back to him later. Meanwhile literally everybody else delved deeper into the Mutant Lich's [[Labyrinth]], where [[Alisha]] saw the cracked crystal heart, and cast lay on hands. The effect expelled a wave of sunlight throughout the district, melting the ice tombs, curing the residents, and healing major wounds. For the record this includes [[Drayax]] despite the fact that he wasn't there. Don't ask, I don't have a good reason. When the light faded the heart was gone and about two dozen [[Golden Flowers]] had bloomed within the room (symbols of the earth mother). [[Geros]] and [[Perrin]] respectfully picked some, and the party left to go scout out the town... Where they found the ominous wizard [[dark cryomancer]] holding [[Drayax]] in a perfect slab of ice. Some shots were fired. The wizard caught one and reduced the damage of the other before firing all three back at the party. They correctly took this as their cue to leave, sliding the frozen body of Drayax along with them. After some fiddling, they figured out how to melt the ice (golden flower magic), and decided to explore some... other parts of the town. They checked out the tailor [[Blackbridge Tailor]], mega stables [[Mega Stables]], and blacksmith [[Smithy]]to basically no results. They then went down into the mines [[Turquoise Deep Mine]], saw a large pit, and immediately gave up, then they went to the library [[Cryomancer Library]]for a final showdown with the [[dark cryomancer]] Black Ice Cryomancer... who keeled over on round 2. When suddenly all of the enemies have ungodly amounts of HP, I want you to know that this moment is why. At the top of the library they found another Lich heart [[lich heart]] and killed it (those things are also getting a major buff. Should be a LOT more interesting to fight mwahahahahaha), and a second sink hole opened in the street [[Labyrinth]]. Our session ended with [[Drayax]] sighing in relief, opening the front door to the Magic shop[[Fizzie's Arcane Items]], and immediately getting frozen again by a SECOND dark cryomancer. I would apologize if it wasn't hilarious... okay I do feel kinda bad but I'm making it up to you come Monday.