Session 16 3/18/24 - We open session 16 on [[Drayax]], dying. Having been shunted out of reality, Drayax awakens in a [[Vault]]. One that he recognizes. A Vault deep deep below his home city. Knowing the dangers of the vault, he stays in place, and makes a death save. When he clutches his chest and looks back up he sees [[Shanon]], the town burnt to ash where he was captured and sealed in the astral plane, somehow only a week ago. He walked down the amphitheater towards the conspicuously clean ruins on stage, before he was overcome with pain once again. When he opened his eyes he saw the ring [[Drayax's ring]] on his hand cracking his scales, revealing... nothing underneath. Just darkness. The scales felt cold, but not due to the injuries, when Drayax looked up again he was back in the [[Cryomancer's Keep]]. He sprinted out of the [[Lightweight Division Workshop]] towards a dark figure who's presence he recognized. The presence of death. The presence that resonated in the spells he cast, the blade on his back, and the ring on his hand. Reality shifted once again, and Drayax found himself in a pinewood glade surrounded by fireflies, and half a dozen sleeping adventurers, including himself just a week prior. Drayax pried the ring off of his hand and dropped it into the freshly forming snow, where the younger Drayax took note of a glittering object while waiting on watch duty. Before they could notice the present Drayax, however, cracked, beaten, and with dark mortal wounds, reality shifted again. Drayax found himself face-to-face with a creature of the abyss. The one Drayax knew he would one day return to. The figure warned that what was about to happen to Drayax was out of his control. What I neglected to say was this: Drayax passed out after that encounter. Completely unconscious, so he would not know what happened next. For you reading this, however, I'll tell you the actual last thing that happened in that scene. Reality shifts one last time, and Drayax collapses on a bar of a very very large tavern
Oh boy, I was hoping because these sessions were so long ago that I'd have shorter recaps... That doesn't look like it's gonna be the case, does it?
After the scene with Drayax we come to the main party. [[Perrin]], [[Geros]], [[Jadaya]], [[Aben]], and [[Reginald]], plus [[Bailey]] the horse, as well as the unconscious bodies of [[Finn]], [[Khione]], and [[Alisha]], and TECHNICALLY Drayax, but that'll be resolved later, I promise. The party books it away from the  [[Cryomancer's Keep]], traveling through the night and into morning. Over the following day of travel the party reconnect with eachother, check in, take in the landscape. Escaping a near-death situation is a hard thing to do on your mental state, so there was a lot of recovering from... that. In any case, the party spots an [[encampment]] just before nightfall. Several VERY fancy looking purple tents with the emblem of a gold rose embroidered onto the cloth, as well as some crates of equipment for travel labeled with an intricate "B". The players make their way in, briefly noting the bandit-run pastry cart, though failing to note the hiding rogue waiting behind it. Our new character, [[Daefaren]], has been listening in to the happenings of the camp all day and knows that visitors aren't expected. Seeing how tired they all look, he tries to lift some cash off of them. Things go surprisingly well when he snags some off of [[Perrin]], and then things go VERY wrong when he snags some off of [[Geros]]. Daefaren, seeing 3d6+5 damage of searing smite maul headed towards his vital organs, rightfully decides that now is the time to leave. He then wrongfully decides that fighting back from the trees is the next best thing. He was in a camp full of powerful warriors, I do my best to defend, but man, I genuinely don't know what you were thinking at this point. Things go especially awry when Daefaren launches an arrow at Geros. The arrow misses, thankfully, but unfortunately Geros is holding two unconscious NPCs that the party has grown very attached to. Geros failed the dex save, meaning the arrow hits [[Finn]]. (deep inhale), this may have been THE UNLUCKIEST natural 20 I've ever seen in my life. With all the sneak attack, and all
the dice rolled, the attack does JUST BARELY not enough to send Finn below -Max HP... by 1 point. 1 point and Finn would have been just straight up dead. Geros goes into a blind rage, and the trumpeting alerts the leader of this encampment, one [[Fabian]]. Fabian, great fighter (not so great at most other things), quickly identifies Daefaren's position and calls it out to the rest of the party, taking him down from the treetops with ranged support and the help of Perrin. Daefaren is cuffed and put in a 118,580 lbs steel cage inside one of the tents. The next day [[Reginald]], who recognized Daefaren, came and negotiated the terms of his release with Fabian. And that's about where we ended the session.