Session 13 2/12/24 - We open this week on a new face. A man by the name of [[Aben]] wakes up in a dark room on a long plush seat holding an empty injector [[vial]] in one hand. He does not know what was in the vial, nor how he could tell it was empty simply by the weight. He lights a torch to find the room he's awoken in is a train car. A concept, as we've learned, that is unfamiliar to the rest of the party, but oddly not to him. He reactivates the [[power]] and witnesses the end of the battle with the [[automaton]] from the end of last session, including [[Drayax]] being grappled by the construct and slammed into the ground, snapping out of existence. The [[ice]] between the rooms melts and Aben greets the party for the first time. Well... "greet" might be a generous term. Aben flees in terror back to the train but is quickly caught by [[Khione]]'s ice, and grappled by [[Geros]] who starts to interrogate him. [[Alisha]] spots the empty vial on the floor, and ends up playing "Good paladin, bad paladin" with Geros as she tries to run a general wellness check on him at the same time using her loose medical knowledge. [[Jadaya]] ends up finding the control room, and most importantly, the honk button. [[Perrin]] unsuccessfully tries getting [[Bailey]] to go on the train, but thankfully Geros is there to pick up the VERY unhappy horse and force them on the train anyways. They then push the train forwards, coming to the base of the pit where the bridge gave out in the mines [[Turquoise Deep Mine]]. Perrin used bailey to get a rope to the top of the cliff so Geros could Andre-the-giant everyone up... except [[Alisha]] who just narrowly survives an obliteration-point fall. The party pushes through the mines, crossing rivers, toxic gas, and paperwork, as well as some very very mundane [[turquoise]]. Guys I swear there's nothing magical about it, it literally JUST looks pretty. They eventually come to another section of the [[labyrinth]], as they're deep enough underground that they don't need to trigger a sinkhole. Within they find a pet of the mutant lich [[lich heart]]
A [[dire bear]] kitted out with metal enhancements to make it live longer. But they're tainted. The fluid in the forearms runs green[[mutagen]]. The bear heaves with every move. The party opts for simply restraining it instead of killing it by taking out the vials on its front two legs. The bear falls, still breathing, and [[Alisha]] activates the second to last heart in the keep.