Session 4 11/6/23 - WOW, Okay, so real quick for context the player count for this session quadrupled and I am definitely not spelling anyone's names right. Cool? Cool. So we started off on [[Perrin]] riding away from the town of [[Shanon]] on [[Bailey]] the horse. After a couple hours of travel they came across two private guards of one [[Briar Estate]], a [[Loxodon]] by the name of [[Geros]], and a [[dragonborn]] by the name of [[Dracor]]. The estate has some trade deals with the town so these two were sent to check up on the progress. Perrin calmly explained that the town was just recently burned down in a [[dragon]] attack, at which point the two guards attempted to arrest him for the crime of being short. On their way back to the Estate [[Briar Estate]] they passed by a [[monastery]] where one [[Alisha]] had been sent by her branch of the [[Earthmother]]'s followers. Unfortunately, the [[monastery]] was not in good shape. All the inhabitants were warped and disfigured, but entombed in solid unmelting [[ice]]. The four adventurers decided to investigate the monastery, finding some [[healing potions]], a large reinforced chest, and a library with a [[puzzle door]]. After solving the puzzle, the group found themselves at the bell tower, where one cleric [[Willow]] of the church had not been frozen and instead left to rot. [[Dracor]], unfortunately, decided to touch the body, which then sprung to life with the same sickly green magic infecting the other inhabitants of the monastery beneath the [[ice]]. The corpse gathered divine light to cast a protective spell, but the casting was tainted by the mutative magic, turning it into [[inflict wounds]] and-... Okay look... I rolled the die in front of the DM Screen... Had it not openly been a natural 20, I would have fudged it. I'm not proud. BUT HERE WE ARE, SUNK INTO OUR LIFE CHOICES. The critical hit inflict wounds upped the damage to 6d10 which immediately hit the obliteration point of our 13 health [[dragonborn]]. The necrotic damage in one swipe melted his flesh and scales off of his skeleton leaving a charred husk and some equipment that now smells like liquified dragonborn. With some cooperation from the rest of the party, the cleric corpse went down, apologizing to [[Alisha]] with her final breath. Mortified by the death of his friend, [[Geros]] carefully removed his bones and placed them in his pack, searching for a less tainted ground to bury them in. [[Perrin]] searched the body of the cleric (Now recognized by Alisha as a woman named Willow), and found a key to a chest they had seen prior. The chest held a letter of apology, and a gift for [[Alisha]], a +1 longsword, Willow's final enchantment spell. As the group were about to leave the monastery they remembered that they uh... had forgotten a room. They went to go check it out, and immediately were ambushed by two wizards in training wearing light blue garb trimmed with fur. Their names were [[Khione]] and [[Finn]],and they are apprentices to a higher up named the [[Arch Cryomancer]], who they've been reporting to. They claim to have come from [[Shanon]] but seemed... confused by the idea of a [[dragon]] attack. The three players, plus the two [[cryokin]], plus [[Bailey]] the horse, plus [[Dracor]] in spirit headed out towards the [[Cryomancer's Keep]]. The session ended with the party setting up camp and taking a long rest.