Session 11 1/29/24 - Oooooooooooooooookie dokie, So this session started out with the introduction of the newest character, [[Jadaya]]. Jadaya is a spring [[Eladrin]] from a location called the [[Forest of Ancient Gods]], the connecting woods between New and [[Old Victoris]]. At the edge of the woods, on the [[New Victoris]] side ofc, lies the locations of many sacred organizations, including a church called the Five Pillars [[Five Pillars]]. It was this church ("supposedly") that reached out to Jadaya, an outlander, and hired her to track down one of their members, [[Geros]]. They promised something... irresistible to her in return. Flash forward to the present and Jadaya is hiding in the snow while bullets are being peppered around her. The Party hears the commotion coming from the northeast and, after talking to [[Uther]], heads over to see what in the heck is going on. Main party takes the alleyways to sneak up, while [[Perrin]] sprints down the ramparts hoping to take the sniper by surprise while he's distracted with whatever this is. The party finds some more cultists of the [[Circle of Embers]], and combat takes off. [[Finn]] swings the door open and calls out to Jadaya to make it in quick while they cover her. Perrin makes it to the edge of the wall and... uh... """distracts""" the [[cultist with the lens]]  by nearly killing him. Jadaya takes another bullet to the shoulder but eventually makes it inside. The party takes down the last of the [[Cultists]] inside the walls and [[Perrin]] tries to go in for melee combat up on the ramparts, which unfortunately leads to him getting smacked off the side. The sniper tries to shoot Perrin out of the air, but then changes his sights to [[Jadaya]], critically wounding her and leaving her passed out for the time being. [[Alisha]] catches Perrin, who then Fires one last shot knocking the cultist off of the tower. The cultist, unfortunately, never hits the snow though, as from behind the wall the party sees him, wildshaped into a small dragon-like creature, swoop  back up and away from the city. W h e w ,  that was ONE combat session. Okay. So, after the battle, everybody checked in and healed. I-..... wait a minute... Okay, at SOME POINT everybody went to Fizzie's Arcane Items for a shopping session. IDK when, but there are magic items in play that I have to put on the record real quick. Y'all purchased 20 [[fire arrows]], a handful of [[healing potions]], some Adamantine plate mail, 1 or 2 (I don't remember) rings of protection (PLUS ONE. ONLY PLUS ONE), some [[horseshoes of spider climbing]], and some [[update lens]]es for the communication tomes. Anyways, the reason this is important is because of the Horseshoes. Perrin wanted to get back to the top of the wall, so... uh...
Horse tilt.
Perrin did Horse tilt.
So. At the top of the wall in the campsite and equipment that the circle had set up, Perrin found some notes about another siege  like the ones at [[Shanon]], [[Bruelethor]], and [[Rookwatch]]. Something I forgot to mention and will HOPEFULLY remember to bring up next time, is that [[Atlas]] will not be here for this one. They're doing a test, and they're going to send someone in their place. The date of the attack is unknown. The party found some civilians being held captive in the guild hall. Seemingly the circle invaded the town RIGHT before the infection hit, because nobody knows the circle is there, and the captives don't know about the infection. Or maybe it's lazy writing. Who can say? More exploration happened and the party ended the session about to enter the [[Lightweight Division Workshop]].