Session 3 10/30/23 - WOOOOOOOOOO SESSION THREE BABY... Ahem. So night fell and the festival [[Festival]] started up. [[Perrin]] explored the various attractions (/scam artists (/scam birds)) and eventually wandered over to the [[Amphitheater]], where three actors performed the story of [[Dohr the Murderer]]. The play ended with a bang, literally, as the main actor fell, presumably dead at the center of the stage. Perrin quickly spotted a shadow up in the rafters and darted after it. Following a small chase sequence, Perrin caught up to the shadow which was revealed to be the [[cultist with the lens]] in one eye. The [[Cultists]] with the lens passed the fight off to the burly [[dragonborn]] cultist [[dragonborn cultist]], but they turned out to be only a distraction. In the night sky a dark shadow landed, and illuminated the housing district with an orange glow. Perrin defeated the cultist, being saved at the last second by [[Tucker]] (WHICH I DID NOT PLAN. Had Perrin not called out to Tucker earlier Perrin would be suuuuuper dead). Perrin then found the housing district [[expansion district]] in ruins, lined by ten [[Archdruid]] in red and gold robes, and a [[pale figure]] in the back knighting the cultist with the lens. Note for later, there was a dead gnome at the foot of the cultist during the knighting. Perrin tried calling out the pale figure, only to realize that he was way out of his depth and nearly burned to a crisp trying to escape. The dragon [[dragon]] then proceeded to lay waste to the town [[Shanon]], and Perrin escaped on [[Bailey]], the horse. Perrin came back the next day only to be met with ruins and ash, and a set of large avian footprints [[Uther]] leading from the [[Library]] out of town. Perrin set out to whatever settlement may be next, and the session ended there