 Session 9 1/8/24 - (I could have sworn I wrote this one already. What the heck?) Okay, so, if I remember correctly, we opened with [[Drayax]] awakening in the shop beside an old woman in darker robes with bandages over her eyes. [[Sylvia West]] She appeared to have nursed Drayax back to health and lightly interrogated him on what in the heck he was doing in the keep. Drayax, a tad cautious, left the shop to meet up with the rest of the party. Speaking of, the party left the library and searched the rest of the district. They uncovered a big concrete building marked as Levistus' Workshop on the map, with only one entrance. A big steel door with an Arcane Lock spell (though nobody succeeded the check to find out about that part). They reconviened with Drayax, chatted with the old lady a bit ([[Sylvia West]]) who asked for assistance dealing with the Lich heart in the basement. This one as it turned out was MUCH stronger. The zombies it summoned are weaker but explode upon death... er, re-death. It also has the ability to grapple and poison people directly. The party eventually killed it, opening up another entrance into the [[Labyrinth]] beneath the keep. They delved deeper, re-encountering that timer [[timer puzzle]]"puzzle" from way back in session... 2? But with a twist involving some animated armors and a stunner tied to the button. Proceeding deeper they found themselves in a massive empty [[gathering hub]] of sorts. At the end was a massive rolling door with a keypad next to it [[keypad puzzle]]. Once the party solved that puzzle (which was way harder than I meant in retrospect. They had to like cross reference a name [[Blind Beholder]] into this book prop [[Occult Activity of Old Victoris]], and the use that to find a date, then turn the date [[8/3/4581]] into a six digit code to enter into the flip-key panel. Yike. What matters is that they eventually got it), the door opened revealing an underground [[train platform]]. A sight that the characters wouldn't quite recognize because... Y'know... no trains in medival fantasy usually. They took a long rest and that's where the session ended. (edited)