Session 10 1/22/24 - Party continued down the [[train tracks]], eventually ending up within the walls of Levistus' workshop [[Levistus' Workshop]], who apparently had begun building on top of the ancient railways. In the workshop was another [[crystal heart]] encased in [[ice]], a swirling inky mass [[inky black substance]] frozen on a pedestal at the center, and a black ice cryomancer [[dark cryomancer]] encased in ice due to corruption from the mutant lich [[lich heart]]. The party used a flower [[Golden Flowers]] on the heart [[crystal heart]], and cast [[lay on hands]], curing and freeing the rest of the district. Unfortunately, that also released the black ice cryomancer [[dark cryomancer]] [[Theodore]] and the party finally got a good look at what they look like without the hoods. Their eyes leak black weightless ink into the air, drifting behind them, and their robes are a darker blue compared to the others. It was also evident that [[Finn]] was absolutely terrified of this person, and as if on cue the [[cryomancer]] lunged at him. The party fought. He used a combination of [[glyphs of power]] on the floor, and similar [[bloody blade]]s that [[Finn]] uses. The battle drained almost all the resources the party had, and even downed [[Geros]] at one point, the defacto tank. [[Drayax]] landed the killing blow, splitting [[Theodore]]Theo's skull in half, shattering his brother's axe in the process. As they checked up on the body it was revealed that this person, [[Theodore]], was [[Finn]]'s boyfriend, but disappeared at some point. The disappearance likely had something to do WITH [[Finn's banishment]]. Around the same time, [[Drayax]] found a lever in the back of the room that lifted the entire floor up through the workshop like an elevator until they were on roof level surrounded by a blizzard. It was in this blizzard that Theo re-awoke. The party caught a glimpse of two glowing blue eyes and a figure much larger than Theo appeared to be [[werewolf]] before they leapt off the building into the snow outside the city walls. On that happy note the party invaded the final section of the keep where the arch cryomancer [[Arch Cryomancer]] is... after... only curing a third of the city... How-? How did you get this far?
It's fine. The party climbed the wizard [[Arch Cryomancer's Tower]] tower, knocking the various doors open and stealing countless priceless treasures until they got to an [[observatory]]. The observatory had a trap door at the top, presumably only openable with a technique the arch cryomancer could use. The party tried getting through it for a while but eventually gave up. [[Perrin]] and [[Geros]] then moved the telescope over to face the interior of the city to check out where the [[gun]]fire from session 7 was coming from. Perrin took one look, heard a bang, and immediately shouted "DUCK". [[Drayax]], not one to be frightened by any waterfoul, looked through the telescope himself and saw that the district had been taken over not by the lich, but by the [[Circle of Embers]]. Engulfed in rage, he barely noticed the small man in the tent on the wall firing another bullet which pierced straight through the lens of the telescope and nicked Drayax on the temple as he stepped out of the way. The party made their way down the tower all with various different goals in mind including alcohol, long rests, and various kinds of bloodshed, which we'll be quickly resolving at the top of next session.