Session 14 2/26/24 - We begin this session by speeding through the backtracking at the end of the dungeon [[Cryomancer's Dungeon]]. The party goes back through the labyrinth chamber, the gas room [[Toxic Gas]], the resupply station, the combat area, and then down the cliff, back on the train, through the tunnels backwards, off of the platform, back through the construct's chambers, and up through the sinkhole in the streets, all in the blink of an eye. Narratively at least. There are only two things to note in their expedition. The first is that [[Drayax's ring]] is not where they left it in the ruins after the fight. The second is that an extremely intense blizzard has rolled into the valley, making it nearly impossible to see. The party regroups at the [[Frosted Foam Tavern]], where they rest, gather themselves, and take their usual tavern orders. One by one the orders come out, brought by a small white  [[Tabaxi]] [[Sim]] who's so fluffy that you can't see her eyes. And then final order, a licorice ale for [[Perrin]], comes with a note dropped off by a red robed figure. The letter is an invitation to Perrin. [[Flicker]], the cultist that's been hunting Perrin since session 1, requests Perrin's help. All he has to do is meet him atop the south wall, promising that they will both be unarmed and without allies. In exchange, Perrin receives the answers to any question he wants. Oh, and if he declines they kill another one of the surviving Gnomes [[gnome fugitives]]  from his hometown [[Rookwatch]], details. Perrin obliges, climbing the wall and entering the tent to find three people. Flicker, the hostage ([[Rookwatch]]'s local tavern keeper, [[Frederick]]), and a clearly out of place noble. An anthropologist and archaeologist by the name of [[Reginald]]. Hightower had been abducted by the [[Circle of Embers]] about a week ago, forced to decrypt text and examine artifacts for the group. At the time Perrin finds him, he's chained to a study desk examining a peculiar [[gold ring]] that Flicker must have taken interest in.
Perrin and Flicker discuss, and eventually Perrin asks the golden question "What benefit do you have by me being here?" which is when Flicker unveils the back of the tent and shows Perrin what is waiting over the wall. Hundreds of [[Cultists]] of the [[Circle of Embers]]. Flicker calmly explains that time is running out, soon the [[Arch Cryomancer]] holding back the infection will lose control, and the corruption of the mutagen [[mutagen]] will take the walls of the keep [[Cryomancer's Keep]]. Flicker's plan is simple. Perrin will take care of the infection, which will destroy the walls. Once the walls are down, the Circle of Embers, lead by the tenth [[Archdruid]] can raze the city. Perrin takes the cue to book it and get to the [[Arch Cryomancer]] before that can happen, Grappling backwards out of the tent and immediately warning the party while sprinting to the [[Arch Cryomancer's Tower]]. Meanwhile at the tent [[Flicker]] stares at the open flap disappointedly before turning to [[Reginald]]. He flips open a secret flap in the study desk Reginald is using and produces a thin opalescent blade hidden in the wood. He informs Reginald that he has one last assignment from the [[Circle of Embers]], and if he completes it he's free to leave. Kill the hostage. Reginald's moral compass ALMOST seemed swayed, but then the desire for freedom kicked in and he obliged, taking up the sword and landing a near killing blow on the halfling. This is FINALLY when [[Drayax]] succeeded his wisdom save, escaping the ring[[Drayax's ring]] to see the most threatening cultist member they've fought alongside a noble using his weapon to stab a [[gnome]] wearing clothes near identical to Perrin's. That being said, Drayax is anything but predictable, and rushed the cultist first. The resulting blow knocked Flicker's mask partly to the side revealing to Drayax that he's a citizen of [[Bruelethor]], Drayax's home city. Flicker decided that he had enough of this and took on the [[Embers' Draconic Wildshape]]...
If I remember correctly, both Drayax AND Reginald rolled nat 1s on their strength saves. Sweet Jesus Christmas what am I going to do with you guys? In one swoop large wings sprouted from Flicker's back blowing away the tent. Flicker's body morphed and shifted, taking on a more beastly figure with red scales, and a sliver of gold scales across his right eye. He picked up Drayax and Reginald and flung them so far across the city that they landed ON TOP of the party. Remember, during the whole past scene the party had been booking it across the keep. They were a little under half a mile away by this point. I STG if I had not made it so landing on the party halved the damage, our brand new 14 HP artificer over here would have hit the obliteration point faster than Dracor's introduction. And that is impressive. The party, now back together again plus Reginald (who was kind of freaking out at all the very dangerous looking strangers) sprinted towards the tower [[Arch Cryomancer's Tower]], ignoring the corrupting walls. Right at the end though, in the [[observatory]] just before the top, tragedy struck. Loyal companion [[Finn]] felt a stinging beneath his bandages from a previous encounter, and his eyes turned green. Finn shifted into his hybrid form, corrupted by the mutagen [[mutagen]]. Drayax, wasting no time, immediately busted out the tome from [[Levistus' Workshop]] and Froze Finn on the spot... Which is when Finn's sister [[Khione]] doubled over in pain. With the amount of corruption she'd been exposed to as well as her link with her twin, she began to unravel as well. She snagged a flower [[Golden Flowers]] from [[Geros]] and melted the [[ice]] away in one motion. The party fought them off, doing their best to hinder Finn, and successfully landing a gunshot into Khione's jaw, leaving her mute as well as incapable of using verbal components. In spite of the violence, this is where [[Alisha]] came to the rescue, using a combination of the [[Earthmother]]'s magic, lay on hands, and some incredible rolls, she subdued both the corruption and [[lycanthropy]] of
Finn, then pacifying Khione, who both peacefully passed out on the ground. During the fight, Perrin had found a way to the top of the tower, and accompanied by Drayax helped everybody get up for one final fight against the Arch Cryomancer. The [[Arch Cryomancer]] whittled them down, at one point attempting a powerful spell using a [[runic tablet]] before it was shot out of his hand. Alisha came in at the very end knocking him back with a blow that should have been fatal, except the Cryomancer stood once again. He drew a smaller tablet and summoned a malestrom of disasterous proportions, and the tower fell [[Arch Cryomancer's Tower]].