Session 6 11/27/23 - This is concerningly the SECOND time that [[Geros]] has woken up to see [[Perrin]] missing, though this time [[Drayax]] was gone too. Our merry band of [[paladins]] and ice wizards made their way further down the path following the big bird tracks and the [[gnome]]-sized boot tracks. Eventually the snow filled the tracks and the group lost them, left with three options to proceed. Up through the [[mountain]] valley, down around the [[cliffs]], or through the deeper [[firefly forest]]. The party chose the [[firefly forest]] and were promptly ambushed by [[bandits]]. [[Geros]] and [[Finn]] went after the [[dwarf bandit]], while Alisha made for the [[firbolg]] lady [[Kara]] and promptly cut off her arm. The [[bandits]] all immediately surrendered. [[Finn]] wiped the blood off of his swords from the fight, which immediately alerted [[Geros]] who watched [[Finn]] miss both of his attacks. [[Finn]] seemed shifty during questioning, and [[Khione]] seemed frustrated with her brother. Geros decided to tie up Finn with the rest of the bandits """just in case""". Our party of... TEN PEOPLE now (5 bandits + 2 ice wizards + 2 players + 1 horse) pursued deeper into the [[firefly forest]] after the bird, whoooo they immediately found when they reached the peak, turned around, and saw pretending to be an existing party member. The [[Kenku]], [[Uther]], said he was looking for [[Perrin]], and was disappointed with the remaining four members who lost him. The party of now ELEVEN PEOPLE continued down the [[mountain]] towards the keep [[Cryomancer's Keep]], spotting a group of [[zombies]] along the way. They made a deal with the tied up bandits to help them fight (and also not rob people anymore) in exchange for their freedom. The bandits agreed under the addition that they get [[Kara]]'s arm back. The fight went well (Zombies have SUPER low health), but more [[zombies]] came from behind when the door creaked open. When the dust cleared [[Geros]] paid the [[bandits]] and set them free (they're going to go start a [[bakery]]). The party then continued into the [[first district]] of the keep [[Cryomancer's Keep]], where the [[Fern's General Goods™️]], [[Interior Housing]], and cryomancer tavern [[Frosted Foam Tavern]] are. They first explored the complex, trying to get [[Finn]] and [[Khione]] home, and found a big pulsing green heart [[lich heart]] in the storage room down below. They killed it and a massive CRACK broke open in the [[cobblestone streets]]. They next explored the [[Fern's General Goods™️]], and accidentally awoke a [[mimic]] on the second floor. [[Geros]] landed a nat 1 on an attack, breaking open a new hole down to the first floor. Alisha tried pushing the [[mimic]] down, but the [[mimic]] was sticky and pulled her with. [[Geros]] considered jumping down, much to [[Alisha]]'s protest. Geros said "It's fiiiiine. I'll only land on you if I roll a nat 1"... And that's how a 300 pound elephant man in full plate armor nearly squashed one of my PCs to death. They eventually killed the [[mimic]] and proceeded to the top floor where they found a second [[lich heart]] and even more surprisingly, [[Perrin]].