Session 7 12/4/23 - SORRY FOR THE LATE RECAP, it was finals week. We started off in the session with TWO separate flashback sequences to explain the disappearances of the party's allies. Starting in the firefly [[firefly forest]] the night before the bandits, [[Drayax]] found a curious [[Drayax's ring]] at the end of his watch with with the emblem of [[Bruelethor]], his home. The ring then shunted him into the astral plane [[Astral Plane]] where he overheard a strange conversation, then back into reality just long enough to shout out before being dragged through time and space into a dark dungeon [[Cryomancer's Dungeon]] where he was infected by the Mutant Lich's blood [[lich heart]]. We'll get back to that in a minute. We then follow up with [[Perrin]] and [[Khione]] who heard [[Drayax]] scream and awoke. Khione confessed that Perrin needed to know something, so she sent him ahead with her room key (which is why she didn't have it last session). [[Perrin]] got to the wall early and climbed up a [[dangling rope]], but pulled it back in before the rest of the party... would have gotten there... but that already happened... but not at this point in the timeline for Perrin because it happens in the future. Flashbacks are confusing and so is time travel logic. No, the elevator falling was not planned just put the ring down. ANYWAYS, after Perrin pulls up the rope he hears gunfire [[gun]] coming from ALL the way across the wall, which is about 3/4 of a mile in diameter, so this guy's a REALLY good shot. Hm, I wonder who we know uses a long metal weapon and killed someone on a stage with a disguised gunshot? [[cultist with the lens]] Mwahahahaha. On a DEFINITELY unrelated note that's NOT rubbing it in, Perrin also found some equipment up on the wall. Crates wrapped in red cloth with draconic writing on them. [[Cultists]] Ducking across into the housing building to escape the gunfire, Perrin found Khione's room. There were maps strewn across the table, purple droopy flowers called [[Aconitum Napellus]], and a handful of open books on subjects like [[Hemocraft]], [[herbology]], lunar astronomy, sleep magic, and a couple books on law--written by the [[Arch Cryomancer]]. As Perrin's looking around he hears a thud from the front gate as the other two party members enter. Scrounging what he can, he makes his way out of the room, locking it, and hears a bellowing scream come from under him as the [[lich heart]] in the basement meets the blades of the other two party members. Right after, Perrin spots a glint of mutation magic [[mutagen]]] coming from up in the top floor of the general store. As Perrin escapes out into the street, a partial sink hole opens up beneath him, creating a crater in the street and pouring dust on [[Drayax]], (This of course was a result of the Party's defeat of the first lich heart). Perrin books it up to the top floor of the general store, surveying the situation in spite of the ruckus below him, and enters combat quickly followed by the rest of the party for backup. Once the heart is defeated, the group takes a look at the remaining equipment undamaged in the shop. Perrin Grabs some [[medical gloves]] for a couple silver and [[Geros]] grabs... oh boy. Okay, Geros grabs a bag of caltrops (1 gold), an herbalism kit (5 gold), a healer's kit (5 gold), and after MUCH NEGOTIATION only *one* of the slightly overpriced potions of healing (50 gold), but he left the bottle behind (-2 gold). Bringing his total to 59 gold pieces... So he left 27 gold behind on the counter.[[Geros' debt]] Perrin stealthily slipped a note behind the counter informing the [[clerk]] about Geros, oblivious to the nightmare that was about to ensue. See, killing the second lich heart fully broke in the sink hole in the street leading to the labyrinth section where [[Drayax]] had been teleported to. The now partially zombified Drayax walked into the general store, went up to the second floor without Geros or Perrin noticing because they were too busy bickering with eachother, and stole the heaviest possible armor he could find, Plate Mail (1,500 gold, holy s), and walked through the hole in the floor landing with a giant crash in front of the party like an-
-effing fallout 4 character in power armor. [[Geros]] saw this giant hulking armored nightmare with green glowing zombie eyes beneath the helmet, and like the brave paladin he is... ordered [[Finn]] to deal with it. Finn actually rolled quite high, sliding to the floor and slashing at Drayax's ankles, to which Drayax picked up his hammer and bopped Finn on the head with it, knocking him out instantly. Perrin noticed the relative nonhostility of the armored mega zombie, but Geros was having none of that and activated his "focus" ability that... triggers... when an ally is below half health, effectively putting him into rage, yeah I need to double check the mechanics on that I have no idea where that came from. [[Perrin]] was thankfully able to diffuse the situation, and the group left the general store... After Drayax took the gold on the counter (27 gold), & 8 pot bringing his total to 1,927 gold pieces.[[Drayax debt]] Dude, once this town has a functioning law and guard system again, you are   s c r e w e d  . The party did some menial things afterwards, checking out the districts tavern [[cryomancer tavern]], chatting with uther [[Uther]], going to the library [[Cryomancer Library]]. Oh, and Drayax went into like a blind bloodbath slaughtering every zombie he could see after rolling a nat 20 to keep his composure against turning further after killing a partially allied zombie. Perrin got the book [[Occult Activity of Old Victoris]] from the Shanon library [[Library]] that he requested all those sessions ago (God that book has some wild secrets in it. Like, if you start cross-referencing names and dates, you can find lore that I haven't even begun to foreshadow yet.). Perrin found some good resources at THIS town's library [[Cryomancer Library]], covering a puzzle in the labyrinth section that just opened up (Spoiler alert, it requires [[Alisha]], sorry I'm just going to have to puppet her as little as possible until her player comes back), and finding enough info to put together that [[Finn]] is a [[werewolf]]. Also, the second floor is locked. I *DEFINITELY* remembered to say that at the time. *DEFINITELY*. Drayax meanwhile-
-discovered that the symptoms of mutant blood develop hour by hour and snowball with worse and worse effects that are harder to resist, so he... He, oh god. He took a long rest. Everybody took a long rest. So, uh, [[Drayax]] gained six levels of exhaustion, and his jaw bone deteriorated to the point where it snapped, meaning he can no longer talk. I believe this is generally called *karma*. [[Geros]] explored the labyrinth section too a bit. Drayax tried to as well but he was literally too exhausted to properly look around and then got beamed in the face by a brick that Geros was holding as he walked back out. The party all gathered back together and that's where the session ended