Session 5 11/13/23 - We started off in a kind of dream sequence with [[Geros]], who met an astral [[Tabaxi]] talking about gifts and looks eerily like Geros' cat, [[Miros]]. Also in Geros' dream of the [[Astral Plane]] was a metallic [[dragonborn]] trapped in a cage of pure darkness. :). Geros was then shaken awake by [[Khione]], one of the [[cryokin]] they had met up with from the Monastery [[monastery]]. Khione took Geros down to a valley where one of the red robed [[Cultists]] had [[Perrin]] tied up in a tree. Combat started, then quickly ended as Perrin awoke, broke free, and immediately shot the cultist through the throat with an arrow. Meanwhile [[Alisha]] and [[Finn]] scouted out the cultists' camp. They broke open a chest finding half of a pendant, and a letter revealing that the one of the four cultists was infected with the disease the party has been dealing with, and left alone to go find "One of the four remaining gnomes". Back at the valley, the dying cultist attempted to cast a spell presumably at [[Geros]], but failed. The party regrouped, fixed the amulet (which was passed to Geros), and continued down the path. They next found a group of [[ruins]] with shifting segments that swapped out rooms. After dealing with a couple traps and [[raptor statues]], the party cast a knock spell on a ruby encrusted chest, alerting the other 3 cultists that had been stalking the party from the shadows (Y'all had some awful perception rolls). Combat began. Once the first [[Cultists]] went down, they successfully casted that mutated spell on Geros, triggering the [[blood curse of the fallen puppet]] and reanimating the body of [[Dracor]] which slowly began regrowing tendons and scales. Meanwhile in the astral plane, [[Drayax]] heard hears the voice of his brother scream. He's able to break free from the astral plane [[Astral Plane]], landing on the battlefield facing the skeleton of [[Dracor]]. The green mutation magic [[mutagen]] reforms a sickly beating heart in Dracor's rib cage and an acid sac for Dracor's breath weapon, but right as he's charging up to fire at [[Drayax]], [[Alisha]] stabs him through the heart. The other two cultists go down easily, and the party is left with a new metallic dragonborn member who curiously DOES remember these [[ruins]], but doesn't remember this [[firefly forest]]. The party continues investigating and comes across [[three ornate keys]] with no obvious use, as well as another tome of communication [[Tome of Communication]] to work with Perrin's tome. The group eventually comes to the crossroads splitting between [[Briar Estate]] and the [[Cryomancer's Keep]], and decide to head towards the [[Arch Cryomancer]]. Everybody takes a long rest, and as the sun rises in the sky, it's [[Geros]] who spots a strange humanoid crow [[Uther]] running off into the [[firefly forest]] with a [[book]]. And that's where the session ended.