Session 17 3/25/24 - I triiiiiiiiiiiied something different to start this session, but my narration skills weren't quite good enough for the thing I was aiming for, so I just kind of rushed through it. We started, briefly, on [[Theodore]]. Better known as Finn's Ex inky werewolf boyfriend (man, the sentences you can only come up with by playing this game). A reminder, last we saw Theo, [[Drayax]] caved half his skull in. Theo was intended to have a mythic form for phase 2, but instead booked it into the snow, running away. Now he was lost, no access to spells, no access to equipment or food, no access to his home or the resources of his organization [[Black Ice Cryomancer]](the black ice cryomancers). The only thing he did have was clarity. Levistus' ink [[inky black substance]] no longer clouded his eyes. Er, eye. Remember, half his skull is gone. He holes up residence in a cave, using a handful of Levistus' spell scrolls to guard the entrance, and through some ingenuity, and swiping some materials from the [[encampment]], is able to fashion some glassblower's tools. He spends the rest of the time thinking, contemplating what to do next, until the party arrives. Despite being the most injured, [[Finn]] is actually the first to wake up. He finds a note on his bedstand from Theo, asking them to meet at the cave he's residing in. Finn talks to the rest of the party. The party has some diplomatic discussion with [[Fabian]]. And then the group decides to head off to the cave. They first encounter the spell scrolls around the cave entrance. Daefaren is sent in as bait, but nothing happens. Due to levistus' magic being overloaded by Drayax, his spell scrolls [[Mausoleum of Levistus]] no longer activate, they just turn to dust. Unfortunately inside are two [[dire wolves]]. Two NORMAL dire wolves. This is just any ol' encounter you can find on a list, super normal stuff, no unexpected outcomes...
The party got [[puppies]].
Like, a lot of puppies. I figures I'd roll for the sex of each wolf (I got male and female), then I'd roll for the probability of puppies (18 on a DC of 16), then I'd roll for the quantity of puppies (3d4)... SOMEHOW I ROLLED MAXIMUM PUPPIES. T-Twelve puppies. O h   m y   g o d. So, the party somehow befriended the dire wolves, I gUeSs, using several very good rolls and convincing Geros to put the flaming hammer away. At one point it did get dicy though, since [[Geros]] couldn't see Daefaren in the cave, and wanted to make sure he wasn't being attacked... So he threw a spear towards Daefaren's voice to give him a weapon... Jesus what have I gotten myself into. I made Geros roll 1d4.
1 = hits nothing. Just bounces off the cave wall.
2 = hits Daefaren
3 = hits the Dire Wolf mom
4 = HITS A PUPPY
Thankfully Geros missed the mom and the puppies. Unfortunately, Geros hit Daefaren in the abdomen. Daefaren remained remarkably calm though, and the fight was SOMEHOW resolved peacefully. After the... fight, the party pushed deeper into the cave, encountering some details about Finn's past, and some rough rubble, and then finally they met up with Theodore. Theo had fashioned himself a marbled blue glass prosthetic of sorts to put over his injury. The ink that normally flowed out of it and stained the air now rolled around inside, like the smoke when you put a lid on a candle. Theo offered an out. An escape to Finn called the [[Order of the Lycanthrope]], a group of people also cursed with lycanthropy who've begun research into ancient banned blood magic to treat their symptoms, and even potentially control it. Eventually, Finn went with him, and the two disappeared into a teleportation circle Theo had inscribed on the ground. The party went back to the camp site and that's where the session ended. 