Session 2: 9/25/23 - [[Perrin]] got a couple extra healing potions from [[Amasthesia]], and found a secret passage while leading her to the [[automaton]] room. The passage lead to a wide sprawling dungeon [[Dungeon outside Shannon]]. Perrin found a note between a couple of the members of the [[Circle of Embers]] foreshadowing an event called the [[inferno]], and a mysterious ancient figure named [[Atlas]]. Continuing into the dungeon, Perrin with the aid of the Apothecary crew fought off an [[animated armor]]
, a [[mimic]], and a [[mutated spider goblin]]. Additionally, Perrin picked up a couple of magic items, including a modified [[Clockwork Amulet]], a [[Thrall Blade]] (custom magic item ;) ), a [[Bag of Holding]], and outsmarted me by deciding to keep one of the [[Magic Lantern]] s on the wall. After some puzzles (and a quick trip to [[Bubbles]] bubbles to ask for help), Perrin unlocked the final chamber of the dungeon, revealing an old decrepit skeleton [[skeleton]]. After trying to interact with the skeleton, a green vial labeled "[[Mutagen 3]]" dropped out of the corpse's chest and shattered against the throne. It's at this melodramatic moment that [[Flicker]], the cultist Perrin THOUGHT he killed last session, popped in for a rematch. During the fight it clicked that the masked man had been in Perrin's [[Rookwatch]] the day it burned down. Perrin won in a gruesome victory, but the moment that Perrin ensured the body was dead, it sprung to life, and let out one final attack. Perrin's eyes were drawn to the [[skeleton]] on the throne, who had cast some sort of curse on the cultist. The skeleton stood and told Perrin that he needed to leave now, then the entire dungeon collapsed.