Session 12 2/5/24 - Again, we start with [[Jadaya]]. Jadaya wakes up in  [[The Hearth]], a center in the northeast district, run and being cared for by the citizens that had been previously tied up in the [[Guild Hub]]. Jadaya learns the location of [[Geros]] from them, and quickly leaves, running down the road and catching up as they enter combat in the LDW [[Lightweight Division Workshop]](name's too long to type in the recaps every time). [[Drayax]] misty steps up onto a platform in the center of the arena where he sees the corrupted [[halfling]] prowling the place. The halfling jumps back, throws a knife at [[Drayax]], and then uses a hip mounted grappling hook to leap over to another one of the blocks with some cover. [[Geros]], no hesitation, slams into one of the four posts holding the central platform up, cracking it, then much to Drayax's dismay, lands a full force searing smite mace into the side. [[Jadaya]], previously enthusiastic about chopping some nice lumber, slowly backed away as the structure started to give out. Drayax falls back but doesn't slide off the edge... until the halfling gets ahold of him. The halfling fires the blade of the grapple into Drayax's heel, jumps down behind the barricade for support, then YOINKS Drayax off of the tower, dropping him 30ft and then dragging him along the ground to the base of the block, where drayax promptly disappears between realities after failing the wisdom save on his [[Drayax's ring]]. We'll get back to him in a minute. Geros has to deal with the consequences of his own actions for the first time in a while, as the whole platform comes crashing down directly onto him. He surprisingly survives. The d10s were playing nice that day. Drayax sees the empty starry void of the astral realm, and below him [[Bruelethor]], fractured. Below it is no valley, no temple, but starless darkness. He is then shunted back into reality with a CRACK. Pissed, he sprints up the stairs, and knocks the halfling upside the head so hard that it goes flying over the barricade into the rest of the party.
[[Perrin]] takes the [[grappling hook]] device, and the party reconvenes to plan what to do next... Well most of the party. Drayax tries to focus on his [[Drayax's ring]] again. He disappears inside of it, leaving it on the grass. In Drayax's perspective he sees the tavern at his city. He tries to move the plywood to access something but unfortunately can't affect it... Okay here's where stuff gets... weird. Bear with me. Drayax is still exploring the Tavern in the astral realm. AT THE SAME TIME, [[Perrin]] in reality hears a CRACK as Drayax pops back into existence by the base of the collapsed platform, and watches as he sprints out of the LDW. Perrin rolled an absurdly high perception, so he was also able to catch the fact that the [[Drayax's ring]] had significantly corrupted this Drayax's hand. After reality-Drayax disappeared out the gate, there was another loud CRACK as astral-Drayax re-entered reality, taking enough force damage to kill himself... Never change man. The party explored some more, kinda speedrunning the corruption curing process. Step 1, grapple onto the dungeon. Step 2, kill the [[lich heart]]. Step 3, Jump into the sinkhole. Step 4, see what abomination Ian has cooked up this time. Step 5 "Oh frick this thing has way too many hit points OR is made of wet toilet paper". Step 6, use the [[crystal heart]], do a backflip, snap the bad guy's neck, and save the day. Aaaaaaand that is where the session ended