Session 15 3/4/24 - The party slowly regains consciousness in a snow bank. Or at least most of them do. Three landed in the rubble, dying. [[Alisha]], [[Finn]], and [[Khione]]. At the end of a long clearing in the rubble stood the [[Arch Cryomancer]], who drew a third [[runic tablet]]... and then promptly dropped it. Doubling over in pain, breaking concentration on the blizzard and falling to the ground. Around the party, as the fog disappeared, they could see the cornerstones of the city walls, lookout towers, normally lit by braziers, except each is entirely corrupted by a massive [[lich heart]] coiling and infesting the area. From each come tendrils taking the form of blights. The [[Blight of the Toxic Hand]], a melting and fuming undead creature dripping acid as it trudged towards [[Jadaya]]. The [[Blight of Dissonant Whispers]], an ethereal twitching creature that blinked in and out of existence moving towards [[Drayax]]. The [[Blight of the Withering Guardian]], a hulking armored figure making it's way towards [[Geros]], sucking the light out of the air as it moved. The [[Blight of the Fallen Puppet]], the now viscerally decayed corpse of [[Crackle]] (Yes his name has always been Crackle, don't check) who died first in Sylas' [[Sylas]]chamber back in [[Shanon]], unleashing fire upon [[Perrin]] and [[Reginald]]. And the [[Blight of the Uncurable]], a shambling humanoid made of thorny green brambles creeping towards [[Aben]].
Jadaya immediately took to first aid on Alisha. The moment the Toxic Hand got in reach Geros searing smited it out of existence, before being caught up in the deafeningly silent aura of the Withering Guardian. Drayax danced around the Dissonant Whispers, landing a devastating Shatter before trying to escape onto higher ground. Unfortunately the blight followed him, whispering into his ear "we want your jaw back" before giving Drayax's damage right back to him. The Fallen Puppet sprinted towards the support ground that Perrin and Reginald had taken, landing a full fireball onto the stone. Reginald went down twice, first to the fireball, then after some medical treatment, the intense toxic fumes filling the city. Perrin made sure the cultist stayed dead this time, taking care of [[Reginald]] at just the perfect moment for his... (checking notes) Anthropology canon [[eldritch cannon]] to activate its shielding ability. From the back of the ruins the Uncurable stepped forward, kicking the Arch Cryomancer aside and immediately grabbing Aben's neck. The brambles wrapped around, pushing the held-back corruption to its limits and pushing Aben deeper into decay. As the blights went down one by one the party's condition worsened and worsened, draining their health and their resources without letting up on the pressure. With each that fell, their respective [[lich heart]] shriveled and the stone lookout crumbled. As Drayax finally took out the Dissonant Whispers, the party heard the "thum-thum" of a heartbeat shaking the ground. The last blight remaining was the uncurable, still with an iron clad grip around Aben. As the party approached the blight threw Aben aside down onto the stone and turned to face the rest of the group. After two failed death saves from Aben the last blight finally fell, and the party rushed to get him medical attention... which is where they heard the "thum-thum" again.
They successfully brought back Aben, dazed, nauseous, and with a splitting headache, and as he clambered to his feet ready to fight, the [[Arch Cryomancer]] finally moved. He looked up, the green faded from his eyes, his body decayed, his arm broken, and with a gaping hole in his chest revealing the last [[crystal heart]]. He stared around at his destroyed keep, unable to say a word. [[Alisha]], the only one who could channel the earth mother[[Earthmother]], was out. And Geros, our only other [[Paladin]], was out of [[lay on hands]]. With a sigh [[Geros]] approached the Cryomancer. He needed divine power, and there was only one other place he knew how to get it. He raised his mace in one last desperate attempt and landed a full-force divine smite on the Cryomancer. The weapon caved in half of his skull, bludgeoning his arm clean off and cracking the crystal heart beyond repair [[cracked Crystal Heart]] . One by one the rest of the party came to the scene. Perrin asked if there was anything that could be done. The Cryomancer answered "no". It was too late, the keep was beyond repair. There was only one thing left that could be done. The Cryomancer produced one last  [[runic tablet]]. The tablet could be used to amplify the mausoleum of Levistus spell, and if there were enough of them, even freeze the city. Stop the Circle, stop the corruption, let the remaining fatally wounded lie in peace. Perrin took the tablet but before he could even properly answer [[Drayax]] snatched it out of his hand. Drayax is impulsive, but noble. His home taught him that. The party had 18 seconds before the [[dragon 2]] leading the charge reached the center of the city. Through a quick thinking combination of Perrin's [[grappling hook]], [[Bailey]] the horse, and Geros' strength, they JUST BARELY managed to get everybody off of the map before the tenth [[Archdruid]] arrived, swooping off of the wall and landing in front of Drayax.
Drayax had prepared for this moment, laying out each of the tomes from Levistus' workshop, [[Mausoleum of Levistus]] the spell scrolls surrounding him. As the Dragon [[dragon 2]] landed, puffing up a belt of fire beneath its scales, Drayax touched the runic tablet, unleashing a massive wave of ice encasing the creature in a giant shockwave, growing throught the city like a massive crystal, and holding Drayax inside.
Drayax has 38 HP.
His obliteration point is 76 damage.
With my ruling, all damage counts towards the obliteration point as long as it happens within one round. Not just damage from one attack.
I rolled 68 cold damage for the final casting of Mausoleum of levistus
I then rolled 7 damage for the warping of the ring, for a total of 75.
Somehow, as the party rode away from the city, ice climbing up their heels, they look back for just a moment and see Drayax, not dead, simply blink out of reality
And that is where the session ended.