Session 1 for realsies this time: 9/18/23 - Perrin chilled at the [[Yew tavern]] talking to the locals and picking up some suggestions on what to do from [[Yang]] and [[Yin]]. On their way out they saw three hooded spooky figures and hid. Spooky figures ([[Cultists]]) were looking for some fugitives from [[Perrin]]'s home town[[Rookwatch]] (which burned to the ground). [[Yin]] played dumb, so the three left, but sent a rusty bronze [[automaton]] to attack the place and burn it down. [[Perrin]] with the light assistance of [[Yang]] and kind of [[Yin]] was able to take down the construct. They spent the rest of the day setting up decorations for the festival [[Festival]]. The next day [[Perrin]] hired some of the regulars at the tavern to move the Automaton's corpse to the elderly lesbians [[Amasthesia]] at the [[apothecary]]. [[Perrin]] then went to go find one of the missing guards that [[Yin]] had told him about. After meeting some local teens hanging out in one of the buildings in the expansion district, then getting lost in the woods, Perrin found the guy slumped against a rock being preyed on by a wolf. Perrin booked it and then came back the next day and killed the wolf, taking [[Tucker]] (the guard) back to [[Marzia]] (his mom who is also a guard). The two waited for him to come to consciousness, where he revealed that he was hunting down some cultists [[Cultists]] with the same description as those that attacked the tavern. Perrin tracked what he could, and eventually discovered a secret door behind a waterfall. He took the primordial runes to the local arcane oddities shopkeep, bubbles the plasmoid [[Bubbles]], and got a hint as to how the door opens. Using the hint, Perrin opened the door and found several intimidating looking rooms [[Dungeon outside Shannon]] with sigils on the ground and laboratories full of black powder and intricately detailed metalwork. One even had a gargantuan automaton, similar in design to the one [[automaton]] that attacked the tavern. In the last room Perrin found the middle cultist [[Cultists]] from the tavern, and after getting some help from the potion lesbians [[Amasthesia]], defeated him and earned a level up, continuing in ranger.