Session 1 for realsies this time: 9/18/23 - Perrin chilled at the Yew tavern talking to the locals and picking up some suggestions on what to do from Yang and Yin. On their way out they saw three hooded spooky figures and hid. Spooky figures were looking for some fugitives from Perrin's home town (which burned to the ground). Yin played dumb, so the three left, but sent a rusty bronze automaton to attack the place and burn it down. Perrin with the light assistance of Yang and kind of Yin was able to take down the construct. They spent the rest of the day setting up decorations for the festival. The next day Perrin hired some of the regulars at the tavern to move the Automaton's corpse to the elderly lesbians at the apothecary. Perrin then went to go find one of the missing guards that Yin had told him about. After meeting some local teens hanging out in one of the buildings in the expansion district, then getting lost in the woods, Perrin found the guy slumped against a rock being preyed on by a wolf. Perrin booked it and then came back the next day and killed the wolf, taking Tucker (the guard) back to Marzia (his mom who is also a guard). The two waited for him to come to consciousness, where he revealed that he was hunting down some cultists with the same description as those that attacked the tavern. Perrin tracked what he could, and eventually discovered a secret door behind a waterfall. He took the primordial runes to the local arcane oddities shopkeep, bubbles the plasmoid, and got a hint as to how the door opens. Using the hint, Perrin opened the door and found several intimidating looking rooms with sigils on the ground and laboratories full of black powder and intricately detailed metalwork. One even had a gargantuan automaton, similar in design to the one that attacked the tavern. In the last room Perrin found the middle cultist from the tavern, and after getting some help from the potion lesbians, defeated him and earned a level up, continuing in ranger.
w h e w
Turns out you burn through content fast when you only have one player

Session 2: 9/25/23 - Perrin got a couple extra healing potions from Amasthesia, and found a secret passage while leading her to the automaton room. The passage lead to a wide sprawling dungeon. Perrin found a note between a couple of the members of the circle of Embers foreshadowing an event called the inferno, and a mysterious ancient figure named Atlas. Continuing into the dungeon, Perrin with the aid of the Apothecary crew fought off an animated armor, a mimic, and a mutated spider goblin. Additionally, Perrin picked up a couple of magic items, including a modified clockwork amulet, a Thrall Blade (custom magic item ;) ), a bag of holding, and outsmarted me by deciding to keep one of the magic lanterns on the wall. After some puzzles (and a quick trip to bubbles to ask for help), Perrin unlocked the final chamber of the dungeon, revealing an old decrepit skeleton. After trying to interact with the skeleton, a green vial labeled "Mutagen 3" dropped out of the corpse's chest and shattered against the throne. It's at this melodramatic moment that Flicker, the cultist Perrin THOUGHT he killed last session, popped in for a rematch. During the fight it clicked that the masked man had been in Perrin's town the day it burned down. Perrin won in a gruesome victory, but the moment that Perrin ensured the body was dead, it sprung to life, and let out one final attack. Perrin's eyes were drawn to the skeleton on the throne, who had cast some sort of curse on the cultist. The skeleton stood and told Perrin that he needed to leave now, then the entire dungeon collapsed.
Oh and Perrin bought a horse :)
Next session will start at sunset, when the festival of the Equinox begins

Session 2.5: 10/2/23 - F U R R E T W A L K

Session 2.75: 10/9/23 - Being the evil gremlin on Alyssa’s shoulder

Session 2̴͆̏.̴̃̎8̷͂͝7̶̀͠5̸͍͝: 10/16/23 - I've been without players for so long. My throat grows parched. I've forgotten the sun. I've forgotten the face of the Gnome that once fought cultists of an organization long forgotten. This may be my final entry... JK, I've just made a temporary character for Alyssa's campaign for the time being. See y'all next Monday.

Session [Redacted 0.04] 10/23/23 - @ Future Ian. Remember. Misty step + pitons

Session 3 10/30/23 - WOOOOOOOOOO SESSION THREE BABY... Ahem. So night fell and the festival started up. Perrin explored the various attractions (/scam artists (/scam birds)) and eventually wandered over to the amphitheater, where three actors performed the story of Dohr the Muderer. The play ended with a bang, literally, as the main actor fell, presumably dead at the center of the stage. Perrin quickly spotted a shadow up in the rafters and darted after it. Following a small chase sequence, Perrin caught up to the shadow which was revealed to be the cultist with the lens in one eye. The cultist with the lens passed the fight off to the burly dragonborn cultist, but they turned out to be only a distraction. In the night sky a dark shadow landed, and illuminated the housing district with an orange glow. Perrin defeated the cultist, being saved at the last second by Tucker (WHICH I DID NOT PLAN. Had Perrin not called out to Tucker earlier Perrin would be suuuuuper dead). Perrin then found the housing district in ruins, lined by ten archdruids in red and gold robes, and a pale figure in the back knighting the cultist with the lens. Note for later, there was a dead gnome at the foot of the cultist during the knighting. Perrin tried calling out the pale figure, only to realize that he was way out of his depth and nearly burned to a crisp trying to escape. The dragon then proceeded to lay waste to the town, and Perrin escaped on Bailey, the horse. Perrin came back the next day only to be met with ruins and ash, and a set of large avian footprints leading from the library out of town. Perrin set out to whatever settlement may be next, and the session ended there

Session 4 11/6/23 - WOW, Okay, so real quick for context the player count for this session quadrupled and I am definitely not spelling anyone's names right. Cool? Cool. So we started off on Perrin riding away from the town of Shanon on Bailey the horse. After a couple hours of travel they came across two private guards of one Briar Estate, a Loxodon by the name of Geros, and a Dragonborn by the name of Dracor. The estate has some trade deals with the town so these two were sent to check up on the progress. Perrin calmly explained that the town was just recently burned down in a dragon attack, at which point the two guards attempted to arrest him for the crime of being short. On their way back to the Estate they passed by a monastery where one Alisha had been sent by her branch of the Earthmother's followers. Unfortunately, the monastery was not in good shape. All the inhabitants were warped and disfigured, but entombed in solid unmelting ice. The four adventurers decided to investigate the monastery, finding some healing potions, a large reinforced chest, and a library with a puzzle door. After solving the puzzle, the group found themselves at the bell tower, where one cleric of the church had not been frozen and instead left to rot. Dracor, unfortunately, decided to touch the body, which then sprung to life with the same sickly green magic infecting the other inhabitants of the monastery beneath the ice. The corpse gathered divine light to cast a protective spell, but the casting was tainted by the mutative magic, turning it into inflict wounds and-... Okay look... I rolled the die in front of the DM Screen... Had it not openly been a natural 20, I would have fudged it. I'm not proud. BUT HERE WE ARE, SUNK INTO OUR LIFE CHOICES. The critical hit inflict wounds upped the damage to 6d10 which immediately hit the obliteration point of our 13 health dragonborn. The necrotic damage in one swipe melted his flesh and scales off of his skeleton leaving a charred husk and some equipment that now smells like liquified dragonborn. With some cooperation from the rest of the party, the cleric corpse went down, apologizing to Alisha with her final breath. Mortified by the death of his friend, Geros carefully removed his bones and placed them in his pack, searching for a less tainted ground to bury them in. Perrin searched the body of the cleric (Now recognized by Alisha as a woman named Willow), and found a key to a chest they had seen prior. The chest held a letter of apology, and a gift for Alisha, a +1 longsword, Willow's final enchantment spell. As the group were about to leave the monastery they remembered that they uh... had forgotten a room. They went to go check it out, and immediately were ambushed by two wizards in training wearing light blue garb trimmed with fur. Their names were Khione and Finn, and they are apprentices to a higher up named the Cryomancer, who they've been reporting to. They claim to have come from Shanon but seemed... confused by the idea of a dragon attack. The three players, plus the two cryokin, plus Bailey the horse, plus Dracor in spirit headed out towards the Cryomancer's keep. The session ended with the party setting up camp and taking a long rest.

Session 5 11/13/23 - We started off in a kind of dream sequence with Geros, who met an astral tabaxi talking about gifts and looks eerily like Geros' cat, Miros. Also in Geros' dream of the Astral Plane was a metallic dragonborn trapped in a cage of pure darkness. :). Geros was then shaken awake by Khione, one of the cryokin they had met up with from the Monastery. Khione took Geros down to a valley where one of the red robed cultists had Perrin tied up in a tree. Combat started, then quickly ended as Perrin awoke, broke free, and immediately shot the cultist through the throat with an arrow. Meanwhile Alisha and Finn scouted out the cultists' camp. They broke open a chest finding half of a pendant, and a letter revealing that the one of the four cultists was infected with the disease the party has been dealing with, and left alone to go find "One of the four remaining gnomes". Back at the valley, the dying cultist attempted to cast a spell presumably at Geros, but failed. The party regrouped, fixed the amulet (which was passed to Geros), and continued down the path. They next found a group of ruins with shifting segments that swapped out rooms. After dealing with a couple traps and raptor statues, the party cast a knock spell on a ruby encrusted chest, alerting the other 3 cultists that had been stalking the party from the shadows (Y'all had some awful perception rolls). Combat began. Once the first cultist went down, they successfully casted that mutated spell on Geros, triggering the blood curse of the fallen puppet and reanimating the body of Dracor which slowly began regrowing tendons and scales. Meanwhile in the astral plane, Drayax heard hears the voice of his brother scream. He's able to break free from the astral plane, landing on the battlefield facing the skeleton of Dracor. The green mutation magic reforms a sickly beating heart in Dracor's rib cage and an acid sac for Dracor's breath weapon, but right as he's charging up to fire at Drayax, Alisha stabs him through the heart. The other two cultists go down easily, and the party is left with a new metallic dragonborn member who curiously DOES remember these ruins, but doesn't remember this forest. The party continues investigating and comes across three ornate keys with no obvious use, as well as another tome of communication to work with Perrin's tome. The group eventually comes to the crossroads splitting between Briar Estate and the Cryomancer's Keep, and decide to head towards the Cryomancer. Everybody takes a long rest, and as the sun rises in the sky, it's Geros who spots a strange humanoid crow running off into the forest with a book. And that's where the session ended.

Session 6 11/27/23 - This is concerningly the SECOND time that Geros has woken up to see Perrin missing, though this time Drayax was gone too. Our merry band of paladins and ice wizards made their way further down the path following the big bird tracks and the gnome-sized boot tracks. Eventually the snow filled the tracks and the group lost them, left with three options to proceed. Up through the mountain valley, down around the cliffs, or through the deeper forest. The party chose the forest and were promptly ambushed by bandits. Geros and Finn went after the dwarf bandit, while Alisha made for the firbolg lady and promptly cut off her arm. The bandits all immediately surrendered. Finn wiped the blood off of his swords from the fight, which immediately alerted Geros who watched Finn miss both of his attacks. Finn seemed shifty during questioning, and Khione seemed frustrated with her brother. Geros decided to tie up Finn with the rest of the bandits """just in case""". Our party of... TEN PEOPLE now (5 bandits + 2 ice wizards + 2 players + 1 horse) pursued deeper into the forest after the bird, whoooo they immediately found when they reached the peak, turned around, and saw pretending to be an existing party member. The Kenku, Uther, said he was looking for Perrin, and was disappointed with the remaining four members who lost him. The party of now ELEVEN PEOPLE continued down the mountain towards the keep, spotting a group of zombies along the way. They made a deal with the tied up bandits to help them fight (and also not rob people anymore) in exchange for their freedom. The bandits agreed under the addition that they get Kara's arm back. The fight went well (Zombies have SUPER low health), but more zombies came from behind when the door creaked open. When the dust cleared Geros paid the bandits and set them free (they're going to go start a bakery). The party then continued into the first district of the keep, where the general store, apartment complex, and tavern are. They first explored the complex, trying to get Finn and Khione home, and found a big pulsing green heart in the storage room down below. They killed it and a massive CRACK broke open in the cobblestone streets. They next explored the general store, and accidentally awoke a mimic on the second floor. Geros landed a nat 1 on an attack, breaking open a new hole down to the first floor. Alisha tried pushing the mimic down, but the mimic was sticky and pulled her with. Geros considered jumping down, much to Alisha's protest. Geros said "It's fiiiiine. I'll only land on you if I roll a nat 1"... And that's how a 300 pound elephant man in full plate armor nearly squashed one of my PCs to death. They eventually killed the mimic and proceeded to the top floor where they found a second lich heart and even more surprisingly, Perrin.

Session 7 12/4/23 - SORRY FOR THE LATE RECAP, it was finals week. We started off in the session with TWO separate flashback sequences to explain the disappearances of the party's allies. Starting in the firefly forest the night before the bandits, Drayax found a curious ring at the end of his watch with with the emblem of Bruelethor, his home. The ring then shunted him into the astral plane where he overheard a strange conversation, then back into reality just long enough to shout out before being dragged through time and space into a dark dungeon where he was infected by the Mutant Lich's blood. We'll get back to that in a minute. We then follow up with Perrin and Khione who heard Drayax scream and awoke. Khione confessed that Perrin needed to know something, so she sent him ahead with her room key (which is why she didn't have it last session). Perrin got to the wall early and climbed up a dangling rope, but pulled it back in before the rest of the party... would have gotten there... but that already happened... but not at this point in the timeline for Perrin because it happens in the future. Flashbacks are confusing and so is time travel logic. No, the elevator falling was not planned just put the ring down. ANYWAYS, after Perrin pulls up the rope he hears gunfire coming from ALL the way across the wall, which is about 3/4 of a mile in diameter, so this guy's a REALLY good shot. Hm, I wonder who we know uses a long metal weapon and killed someone on a stage with a disguised gunshot? Mwahahahaha. On a DEFINITELY unrelated note that's NOT rubbing it in, Perrin also found some equipment up on the wall. Crates wrapped in red cloth with draconic writing on them. Ducking across into the housing building to escape the gunfire, Perrin found Khione's room. There were maps strewn across the table, purple droopy flowers called Aconitum Napellus, and a handful of open books on subjects like Hemocraft, herbology, lunar astronomy, sleep magic, and a couple books on law-

-written by the Arch Cryomancer. As Perrin's looking around he hears a thud from the front gate as the other two party members enter. Scrounging what he can, he makes his way out of the room, locking it, and hears a bellowing scream come from under him as the lich heart in the basement meets the blades of the other two party members. Right after, Perrin spots a glint of mutation magic coming from up in the top floor of the general store. As Perrin escapes out into the street, a partial sink hole opens up beneath him, creating a crater in the street and pouring dust on Drayax, (This of course was a result of the Party's defeat of the first lich heart). Perrin books it up to the top floor of the general store, surveying the situation in spite of the ruckus below him, and enters combat quickly followed by the rest of the party for backup. Once the heart is defeated, the group takes a look at the remaining equipment undamaged in the shop. Perrin Grabs some medical gloves for a couple silver and Geros grabs... oh boy. Okay, Geros grabs a bag of caltrops (1 gold), an herbalism kit (5 gold), a healer's kit (5 gold), and after MUCH NEGOTIATION only one of the slightly overpriced potions of healing (50 gold), but he left the bottle behind (-2 gold). Bringing his total to 59 gold pieces... So he left 27 gold behind on the counter. Perrin stealthily slipped a note behind the counter informing the clerk about Geros, oblivious to the nightmare that was about to ensue. See, killing the second lich heart fully broke in the sink hole in the street leading to the labyrinth section where Drayax had been teleported to. The now partially zombified Drayax walked into the general store, went up to the second floor without Geros or Perrin noticing because they were too busy bickering with eachother, and stole the heaviest possible armor he could find, Plate Mail (1,500 gold, holy st), and walked through the hole in the floor landing with a giant crash in front of the party like an-
-effing fallout 4 character in power armor. Geros saw this giant hulking armored nightmare with green glowing zombie eyes beneath the helmet, and like the brave paladin he is... ordered Finn to deal with it. Finn actually rolled quite high, sliding to the floor and slashing at Drayax's ankles, to which Drayax picked up his hammer and bopped Finn on the head with it, knocking him out instantly. Perrin noticed the relative nonhostility of the armored mega zombie, but Geros was having none of that and activated his "focus" ability that... triggers... when an ally is below half health, effectively putting him into rage, yeah I need to double check the mechanics on that I have no idea where that came from. Perrin was thankfully able to diffuse the situation, and the group left the general store... After Drayax took the gold on the counter (27 gold), & 8 pot bringing his total to 1,927 gold pieces. Dude, once this town has a functioning law and guard system again, you are   s c r e w e d  . The party did some menial things afterwards, checking out the districts tavern, chatting with uther, going to the library. Oh, and Drayax went into like a blind bloodbath slaughtering every zombie he could see after rolling a nat 20 to keep his composure against turning further after killing a partially allied zombie. Perrin got the book from the Shanon library that he requested all those sessions ago (God that book has some wild secrets in it. Like, if you start cross-referencing names and dates, you can find lore that I haven't even begun to foreshadow yet.). Perrin found some good resources at THIS town's library, covering a puzzle in the labyrinth section that just opened up (Spoiler alert, it requires Alisha, sorry I'm just going to have to puppet her as little as possible until her player comes back), and finding enough info to put together that Finn is a werewolf. Also, the second floor is locked. I DEFINITELY remembered to say that at the time. DEFINITELY. Drayax meanwhile- 
-discovered that the symptoms of mutant blood develop hour by hour and snowball with worse and worse effects that are harder to resist, so he... He, oh god. He took a long rest. Everybody took a long rest. So, uh, Drayax gained six levels of exhaustion, and his jaw bone deteriorated to the point where it snapped, meaning he can no longer talk. I believe this is generally called karma. Geros explored the labyrinth section too a bit. Drayax tried to as well but he was literally too exhausted to properly look around and then got beamed in the face by a brick that Geros was holding as he walked back out. The party all gathered back together and that's where the session ended 
W H E W. That was a long one. Sorry about that. I have actually no clue how Alyssa condenses her sessions down to only like... 3 sentences. It's a superpower I guess

Session 8 12/11/23 - WAH OH MY GOD IT'S BEEN LIKE A MONTH I FORGOT TO DO THE RECAP. Sorry! I was on vacation! Uhhhhhhhhhhh, lemme check my notes... Okay, so, Drayax immediately took the lead by splitting off to go check out the magic item shop in a much later district. He encountered a dark cryomancer who uh... Just kind of stood there ominously T posing in the background waiting for him to do something. After trying the back door (locked), and some failed parkour attempts on icey stone walls in a dark alleyway, Drayax decided to risk going to the front door where the Black Ice Cryomancer attacked. Drayax fired a crossbow bolt and the Cryomancer straight up caught it out of the air. Drayax fell during the fight, aaaaand we'll get back to him later. Meanwhile literally everybody else delved deeper into the Mutant Lich's Labyrinth, where Alisha saw the cracked crystal heart, and cast lay on hands. The effect expelled a wave of sunlight throughout the district, melting the ice tombs, curing the residents, and healing major wounds. For the record this includes Drayax despite the fact that he wasn't there. Don't ask, I don't have a good reason. When the light faded the heart was gone and about two dozen golden flowers had bloomed within the room (symbols of the earth mother). Geros and Perrin respectfully picked some, and the party left to go scout out the town... Where they found the ominous wizard holding Drayax in a perfect slab of ice. Some shots were fired. The wizard caught one and reduced the damage of the other before firing all three back at the party. They correctly took this as their cue to leave, sliding the frozen body of Drayax along with them. After some fiddling, they figured out how to melt the ice (golden flower magic), and decided to explore some... other parts of the town. They checked out the tailor, mega stables, and blacksmith to basically no results. They then went down into the mines, saw a large pit, and immediately gave up, then they went to-
-the library for a final showdown with the Black Ice Cryomancer... who keeled over on round 2. When suddenly all of the enemies have ungodly amounts of HP, I want you to know that this moment is why. At the top of the library they found another Lich heart and killed it (those things are also getting a major buff. Should be a LOT more interesting to fight mwahahahahaha), and a second sink hole opened in the street. Our session ended with Drayax sighing in relief, opening the front door to the Magic shop, and immediately getting frozen again by a SECOND dark cryomancer. I would apologize if it wasn't hilarious... okay I do feel kinda bad but I'm making it up to you come Monday. 

...
I was rereading everything to polish up my notes and realized something
I'M BEHIND TWO RECAPS NOW
Frickheckdangdiddle okayokayokayokayokayokay
Uhhhhhhhhhh

Session 9 1/8/24 - (I could have sworn I wrote this one already. What the heck?) Okay, so, if I remember correctly, we opened with Drayax awakening in the shop beside an old woman in darker robes with bandages over her eyes. She appeared to have nursed Drayax back to health and lightly interrogated him on what in the heck he was doing in the keep. Drayax, a tad cautious, left the shop to meet up with the rest of the party. Speaking of, the party left the library and searched the rest of the district. They uncovered a big concrete building marked as Levistus' Workshop on the map, with only one entrance. A big steel door with an Arcane Lock spell (though nobody succeeded the check to find out about that part). They reconviened with Drayax, chatted with the old lady a bit (Sylvia West) who asked for assistance dealing with the Lich heart in the basement. This one as it turned out was MUCH stronger. The zombies it summoned are weaker but explode upon death... er, re-death. It also has the ability to grapple and poison people directly. The party eventually killed it, opening up another entrance into the Labyrinth beneath the keep. They delved deeper, re-encountering that timer "puzzle" from way back in session... 2? But with a twist involving some animated armors and a stunner tied to the button. Proceeding deeper they found themselves in a massive empty gathering hub of sorts. At the end was a massive rolling door with a keypad next to it. Once the party solved that puzzle (which was way harder than I meant in retrospect. They had to like cross reference a name into this book prop, and the use that to find a date, then turn the date into a six digit code to enter into the flip-key panel. Yike. What matters is that they eventually got it), the door opened revealing an underground train platform. A sight that the characters wouldn't quite recognize because... Y'know... no trains in medival fantasy usually. They took a long rest and that's where the session ended.

Session 10 1/22/24 - Party continued down the train tracks, eventually ending up within the walls of Levistus' workshop, who apparently had begun building on top of the ancient railways. In the workshop was another crystal heart encased in ice, a swirling inky mass frozen on a pedestal at the center, and a black ice cryomancer encased in ice due to corruption from the mutant lich. The party used a flower on the heart, and cast lay on hands, curing and freeing the rest of the district. Unfortunately, that also released the black ice cryomancer and the party finally got a good look at what they look like without the hoods. Their eyes leak black weightless ink into the air, drifting behind them, and their robes are a darker blue compared to the others. It was also evident that Finn was absolutely terrified of this person, and as if on cue the cryomancer lunged at him. The party fought. He used a combination of glyphs of power on the floor, and similar bloody blades that Finn uses. The battle drained almost all the resources the party had, and even downed Geros at one point, the defacto tank. Drayax landed the killing blow, splitting Theo's skull in half, shattering his brother's axe in the process. As they checked up on the body it was revealed that this person, Theodore, was Finn's boyfriend, but disappeared at some point. The disappearance likely had something to do WITH Finn's banishment. Around the same time, Drayax found a lever in the back of the room that lifted the entire floor up through the workshop like an elevator until they were on roof level surrounded by a blizzard. It was in this blizzard that Theo re-awoke. The party caught a glimpse of two glowing blue eyes and a figure much larger than Theo appeared to be before they leapt off the building into the snow outside the city walls. On that happy note the party invaded the final section of the keep where the arch cryomancer is... after... only curing a third of the city... How-? How did you get this far?
It's fine. The party climbed the wizard tower, knocking the various doors open and stealing countless priceless treasures until they got to an observatory. The observatory had a trap door at the top, presumably only openable with a technique the arch cryomancer could use. The party tried getting through it for a while but eventually gave up. Perrin and Geros then moved the telescope over to face the interior of the city to check out where the gunfire from session 7 was coming from. Perrin took one look, heard a bang, and immediately shouted "DUCK". Drayax, not one to be frightened by any waterfoul, looked through the telescope himself and saw that the district had been taken over not by the lich, but by the circle of embers. Engulfed in rage, he barely noticed the small man in the tent on the wall firing another bullet which pierced straight through the lens of the telescope and nicked Drayax on the temple as he stepped out of the way. The party made their way down the tower all with various different goals in mind including alcohol, long rests, and various kinds of bloodshed, which we'll be quickly resolving at the top of next session.

W A H
I'M SO BEHIND ON RECAPS
FrickHeckDangDiddle, okayokayokayokayokay, gimme a hot minute

Session 11 1/29/24 - Oooooooooooooooookie dokie, So this session started out with the introduction of the newest character, Jadaya. Jadaya is a spring Eladrin from a location called the Forest of Ancient Gods, the connecting woods between New and Old Victoris. At the edge of the woods, on the New Victoris side ofc, lies the locations of many sacred organizations, including a church called the Five Pillars. It was this church ("supposedly") that reached out to Jadaya, an outlander, and hired her to track down one of their members, Geros. They promised something... irresistible to her in return. Flash forward to the present and Jadaya is hiding in the snow while bullets are being peppered around her. The Party hears the commotion coming from the northeast and, after talking to Uther, heads over to see what in the heck is going on. Main party takes the alleyways to sneak up, while Perrin sprints down the ramparts hoping to take the sniper by surprise while he's distracted with whatever this is. The party finds some more cultists of the Circle of Embers, and combat takes off. Finn swings the door open and calls out to Jadaya to make it in quick while they cover her. Perrin makes it to the edge of the wall and... uh... """distracts""" the cultist with the lens by nearly killing him. Jadaya takes another bullet to the shoulder but eventually makes it inside. The party takes down the last of the cultists inside the walls and Perrin tries to go in for melee combat up on the ramparts, which unfortunately leads to him getting smacked off the side. The sniper tries to shoot Perrin out of the air, but then changes his sights to Jadaya, critically wounding her and leaving her passed out for the time being. Alisha catches Perrin, who then Fires one last shot knocking the cultist off of the tower. The cultist, unfortunately, never hits the snow though, as from behind the wall the party sees him, wildshaped into a small dragon-like creature, swoop  back up and away from the city.
W h e w ,  that was ONE combat session. Okay. So, after the battle, everybody checked in and healed. I-..... wait a minute... Okay, at SOME POINT everybody went to Fizzie's Arcane Items for a shopping session. IDK when, but there are magic items in play that I have to put on the record real quick. Y'all purchased 20 fire arrows, a handful of healing potions, some Adamantine plate mail, 1 or 2 (I don't remember) rings of protection (PLUS ONE. ONLY PLUS ONE), some horseshoes of spider climbing, and some update lenses for the communication tomes. Anyways, the reason this is important is because of the Horseshoes. Perrin wanted to get back to the top of the wall, so... uh...
Horse tilt.
Perrin did Horse tilt.
So. At the top of the wall in the campsite and equipment that the circle had set up, Perrin found some notes about another seige like the ones at Shanon, Bruelethor, and Rookwatch. Something I forgot to mention and will HOPEFULLY remember to bring up next time, is that Atlas will not be here for this one. They're doing a test, and they're going to send someone in their place. The date of the attack is unknown. The party found some civilians being held captive in the guild hall. Seemingly the circle invaded the town RIGHT before the infection hit, because nobody knows the circle is there, and the captives don't know about the infection. Or maybe it's lazy writing. Who can say? More exploration happened and the part yended the session about to enter the Lightweight Division Workshop.

Session 12 2/5/24 - Again, we start with Jadaya. Jadaya wakes up in the Hearth, a recreation center in the northeast district, run and being cared for by the citizens that had been previously tied up in the guild hall. Jadaya learns the location of Geros from them, and quickly leaves, running down the road and catching up as they enter combat in the LDW (name's too long to type in the recaps every time). Drayax misty steps up onto a platform in the center of the arena where he sees the corrupted halfling prowling the place. The halfling jumps back, throws a knife at Drayax, and then uses a hip mounted grappling hook to leap over to another one of the blocks with some cover. Geros, no hesitation, slams into one of the four posts holding the central platform up, cracking it, then much to Drayax's dismay, lands a full force searing smite mace into the side. Jadaya, previously enthusiastic about chopping some nice lumber, slowly backed away as the structure started to give out. Drayax falls back but doesn't slide off the edge... until the halfling gets ahold of him. The halfling fires the blade of the grapple into Drayax's heel, jumps down behind the barricade for support, then YOINKS Drayax off of the tower, dropping him 30ft and then dragging him along the ground to the base of the block, where drayax promptly disappears between realities after failing the wisdom save on his ring. We'll get back to him in a minute. Geros has to deal with the consequences of his own actions for the first time in a while, as the whole platform comes crashing down directly onto him. He surprisingly survives. The d10s were playing nice that day. Drayax sees the empty starry void of the astral realm, and below him Bruelethor, fractured. Below it is no valley, no temple, but starless darkness. He is then shunted back into reality with a CRACK. Pissed, he sprints up the stairs, and knocks the halfling upside the head so hard that it goes flying over the barricade into the rest of the party.
Perrin takes the grappling hook device, and the party reconvenes to plan what to do next... Well most of the party. Drayax tries to focus on his ring again. He disappears inside of it, leaving it on the grass. In Drayax's perspective he sees the tavern at his city. He tries to move the plywood to access something but unfortunately can't affect it... Okay here's where stuff gets... weird. Bear with me. Drayax is still exploring the Tavern in the astral realm. AT THE SAME TIME, Perrin in reality hears a CRACK as Drayax pops back into existence by the base of the collapsed platform, and watches as he sprints out of the LDW. Perrin rolled an absurdly high perception, so he was also able to catch the fact that the ring had significantly corrupted this Drayax's hand. After reality-Drayax disappeared out the gate, there was another loud CRACK as astral-Drayax re-entered reality, taking enough force damage to kill himself... Never change man. The party explored some more, kinda speedrunning the corruption curing process. Step 1, grapple onto the dungeon. Step 2, kill the lich heart. Step 3, Jump into the sinkhole. Step 4, see what abomination Ian has cooked up this time. Step 5 "Oh frick this thing has way too many hit points OR is made of wet toilet paper". Step 6, use the crystal heart, do a backflip, snap the bad guy's neck, and save the day. Aaaaaaand that is where the session ended

Session 13 2/12/24 - We open this week on a new face. A man by the name of Aben wakes up in a dark room on a long plush seat holding an empty injector vial in one hand. He does not know what was in the vial, nor how he could tell it was empty simply by the weight. He lights a torch to find the room he's awoken in is a train car. A concept, as we've learned, that is unfamiliar to the rest of the party, but oddly not to him. He reactivates the power and witnesses the end of the battle with the automaton from the end of last session, including Drayax being grappled by the construct and slammed into the ground, snapping out of existence. The ice between the rooms melts and Aben greets the party for the first time. Well... "greet" might be a generous term. Aben flees in terror back to the train but is quickly caught by Khione's ice, and grappled by Geros who starts to interrogate him. Alisha spots the empty vial on the floor, and ends up playing "Good paladin, bad paladin" with Geros as she tries to run a general wellness check on him at the same time using her loose medical knowledge. Jadaya ends up finding the control room, and most importantly, the honk button. Perrin unsuccessfully tries getting bailey to go on the train, but thankfully Geros is there to pick up the VERY unhappy horse and force them on the train anyways. They then push the train forwards, coming to the base of the pit where the bridge gave out in the mines. Perrin used bailey to get a rope to the top of the cliff so Geros could Andre-the-giant everyone up... except Alisha who just narrowly survives an obliteration-point fall. The party pushes through the mines, crossing rivers, toxic gas, and paperwork, as well as some very very mundane turquoise. Guys I swear there's nothing magical about it, it literally JUST looks pretty. They eventually come to another section of the labyrinth, as they're deep enough underground that they don't need to trigger a sinkhole. Within they find a pet of the mutant lich
A dire bear kitted out with metal enhancements to make it live longer. But they're tainted. The fluid in the forearms runs green. The bear heaves with every move. The party opts for simply restraining it instead of killing it by taking out the vials on its front two legs. The bear falls, still breathing, and Alisha activates the second to last heart in the keep.

HOWDY Y'ALL. As much as the universe wishes it I am not dead
It is currently Midnight o' Clock on the day that I'm supposed to be DMing, and I have almost nothing prepared
almost
So I think now's about the best time to catch up on over a month of recaps that I missed
a h e m

Session 14 2/26/24 - We begin this session by speeding through the backtracking at the end of the dungeon. The party goes back through the labyrinth chamber, the gas room, the resupply station, the combat area, and then down the cliff, back on the train, through the tunnels backwards, off of the platform, back through the construct's chambers, and up through the sinkhole in the streets, all in the blink of an eye. Narratively at least. There are only two things to note in their expedition. The first is that Drayax's ring is not where they left it in the ruins after the fight. The second is that an extremely intense blizzard has rolled into the valley, making it nearly impossible to see. The party regroups at the Frosted Foam Tavern, where they rest, gather themselves, and take their usual tavern orders. One by one the orders come out, brought by a small white tabaxi who's so fluffy that you can't see her eyes. And then final order, a licorice ale for Perrin, comes with a note dropped off by a red robed figure. The letter is an invitation to Perrin. Flicker, the cultist that's been hunting Perrin since session 1, requests Perrin's help. All he has to do is meet him atop the south wall, promising that they will both be unarmed and without allies. In exchange, Perrin receives the answers to any question he wants. Oh, and if he declines they kill another one of the survivng Gnomes from his hometown, details. Perrin obliges, climbing the wall and entering the tent to find three people. Flicker, the hostage (Rookwatch's local tavern keeper, Fred), and a clearly out of place noble. An anthropologist and archaeologist by the name of Reginald Hightower. Hightower had been abducted by the Circle of Embers about a week ago, forced to decrypt text and examine artifacts for the group. At the time Perrin finds him, he's chained to a study desk examining a peculiar gold ring that Flicker must have taken interest in.
Perrin and Flicker discuss, and eventually Perrin asks the golden question "What benefit do you have by me being here?" which is when Flicker unveils the back of the tent and shows Perrin what is waiting over the wall. Hundreds of cultists of the Circle of Embers. Flicker calmly explains that time is running out, soon the Arch Cryomancer holding back the infection will lose control, and the corruption of the mutagen will take the walls of the keep. Flicker's plan is simple. Perrin will take care of the infection, which will destroy the walls. Once the walls are down, the Circle of Embers, lead by the tenth Archdruid can raze the city. Perrin takes the cue to book it and get to the Arch Cryomancer before that can happen, Grappling backwards out of the tent and immediately warning the party while sprinting to the tower. Meanwhile at the tent Flicker stares at the open flap disappointedly before turning to Reginald. He flips open a secret flap in the study desk Reginald is using and produces a thin opalescent blade hidden in the wood. He informs Reginald that he has one last assignment from the Circle of Embers, and if he completes it he's free to leave. Kill the hostage. Reginald's moral compass ALMOST seemed swayed, but then the desire for freedom kicked in and he obliged, taking up the sword and landing a near killing blow on the halfling. This is FINALLY when Drayax succeeded his wisdom save, escaping the ring to see the most threatening cultist member they've fought alongside a noble using his weapon to stab a gnome wearing clothes near identical to Perrin's. That being said, Drayax is anything but predictable, and rushed the cultist first. The resulting blow knocked Flicker's mask partly to the side revealing to Drayax that he's a citizen of Bruelethor, Drayax's home city. Flicker decided that he had enough of this and took on the Embers' Draconic Wildshape...
If I remember correctly, both Drayax AND Reginald rolled nat 1s on their strength saves. Sweet Jesus Christmas what am I going to do with you guys? In one swoop large wings sprouted from Flicker's back blowing away the tent. Flicker's body morphed and shifted, taking on a more beastly figure with red scales, and a sliver of gold scales across his right eye. He picked up Drayax and Reginald and flung them so far across the city that they landed ON TOP of the party. Remember, during the whole past scene the party had been booking it across the keep. They were a little under half a mile away by this point. I STG if I had not made it so landing on the party halved the damage, our brand new 14 HP artificer over here would have hit the obliteration point faster than Dracor's introduction. And that is impressive. The party, now back together again plus Reginald (who was kind of freaking out at all the very dangerous looking strangers) sprinted towards the tower, ignoring the corrupting walls. Right at the end though, in the observatory just before the top, tragedy struck. Loyal companion Finn felt a stinging beneath his bandages from a previous encounter, and his eyes turned green. Finn shifted into his hybrid form, corrupted by the mutagen. Drayax, wasting no time, immediately busted out the tome from Levistus' Workshop and Froze Finn on the spot... Which is when Finn's sister Khione doubled over in pain. With the amount of corruption she'd been exposed to as well as her link with her twin, she began to unravel as well. She snagged a flower from Geros and melted the ice away in one motion. The party fought them off, doing their best to hinder Finn, and successfully landing a gunshot into Khione's jaw, leaving her mute as well as incapable of using verbal components. In spite of the violence, this is where Alisha came to the rescue, using a combination of the earthmother's magic, lay on hands, and some incredible rolls, she subdued both the corruption and lycanthropy of
Finn, then pacifying Khione, who both peacefully passed out on the ground. During the fight, Perrin had found a way to the top of the tower, and accompanied by Drayax helped everybody get up for one final fight against the Arch Cryomancer. The Arch Cryomancer whittled them down, at one point attempting a powerful spell using a rune etched tablet before it was shot out of his hand. Alisha came in at the very end knocking him back with a blow that should have been fatal, except the Cryomancer stood once again. He drew a smaller tablet and summoned a malestrom of disasterous proportions, and the tower fell.

Session 15 3/4/24 - The party slowly regains consciousness in a snow bank. Or at least most of them do. Three landed in the rubble, dying. Alisha, Finn, and Khione. At the end of a long clearing in the rubble stood the Arch Cryomancer, who drew a third runic tablet... and then promptly dropped it. Doubling over in pain, breaking concentration on the blizzard and falling to the ground. Around the party, as the fog dissapeared, they could see the cornerstones of the city walls, lookout towers, normally lit by braziers, except each is entirely corrupted by a massive lich heart coiling and infesting the area. From each come tendrils taking the form of blights. The Blight of the Toxic Hand, a melting and fuming undead creature dripping acid as it trudged towards Jadaya. The Blight of Dissonant Whispers, an ethereal twitching creature that blinked in and out of existence moving towards Drayax. The Blight of the Withering Guardian, a hulking armored figure making it's way towards Geros, sucking the light out of the air as it moved. The Blight of the Fallen Puppet, the now viscerally decayed corpse of Crackle (Yes his name has always been Crackle, don't check) who died first in Sylas' chamber back in Shanon, unleashing fire upon Perrin and Reginald. And the Blight of the Uncurable, a shambling humanoid made of thorny green brambles creeping towards Aben.
Jadaya immediately took to first aid on Alisha. The moment the Toxic Hand got in reach Geros searing smited it out of existence, before being caught up in the deafeningly silent aura of the Withering Guardian. Drayax danced around the Dissonant Whispers, landing a devastating Shatter before trying to escape onto higher ground. Unfortunately the blight followed him, whispering into his ear "we want your jaw back" before giving Drayax's damage right back to him. The Fallen Puppet sprinted towards the support ground that Perrin and Reginald had taken, landing a full fireball onto the stone. Reginald went down twice, first to the fireball, then after some medical treatment, the intense toxic fumes filling the city. Perrin made sure the cultist stayed dead this time, taking care of Reginald at just the perfect moment for his... (checking notes) Anthropology canon to activate its shielding ability. From the back of the ruins the Uncurable stepped forward, kicking the Arch Cryomancer aside and immediately grabbing Aben's neck. The brambles wrapped around, pushing the held-back corruption to its limits and pushing Aben deeper into decay. As the blights went down one by one the party's condition worsened and worsened, draining their health and their resources without letting up on the pressure. With each that fell, their respective lich heart shriveled and the stone lookout crumbled. As Drayax finally took out the Dissonant Whispers, the party heard the "thum-thum" of a heartbeat shaking the ground. The last blight remaining was the uncurable, still with an iron clad grip around Aben. As the party approached the blight threw Aben aside down onto the stone and turned to face the rest of the group. After two failed death saves from Aben the last blight finally fell, and the party rushed to get him medical attention... which is where they heard the "thum-thum" again.
They successfully brought back Aben, dazed, nauseous, and with a splitting headache, and as he clambered to his feet ready to fight, the Arch Cryomancer finally moved. He looked up, the green faded from his eyes, his body decayed, his arm broken, and with a gaping hole in his chest revealing the last crystal heart. He stared around at his destroyed keep, unable to say a word. Alisha, the only one who could channel the earth mother, was out. And Geros, our only other Paladin, was out of lay on hands. With a sigh Geros approached the Cryomancer. He needed divine power, and there was only one other place he knew how to get it. He raised his mace in one last desperate attempt and landed a full-force divine smite on the Cryomancer. The weapon caved in half of his skull, bludgeoning his arm clean off and cracking the crystal heart beyond repair. One by one the rest of the party came to the scene. Perrin asked if there was anything that could be done. The Cryomancer answered "no". It was too late, the keep was beyond repair. There was only one thing left that could be done. The Cryomancer produced one last runic tablet. The tablet could be used to amplify the mausoleum of Levistus spell, and if there were enough of them, even freeze the city. Stop the Circle, stop the corruption, let the remaining fatally wounded lie in peace. Perrin took the tablet but before he could even properly answer Drayax snatched it out of his hand. Drayax is impulsive, but noble. His home taught him that. The party had 18 seconds before the dragon leading the charge reached the center of the city. Through a quick thinking combination of Perrin's grappling hook, Bailey the horse, and Geros' strength, they JUST BARELY managed to get everybody off of the map before the tenth Archdruid arrived, swooping off of the wall and landing in front of Drayax.
Drayax had prepared for this moment, laying out each of the tomes from Levistus' workshop, the spell scrolls surrounding him. As the Dragon landed, puffing up a belt of fire beneath its scales, Drayax touched the runic tablet, unleashing a massive wave of ice encasing the creature in a giant shockwave, growing throught the city like a massive crystal, and holding Drayax inside.
Drayax has 38 HP.
His obliteration point is 76 damage.
With my ruling, all damage counts towards the obliteration point as long as it happens within one round. Not just damage from one attack.
I rolled 68 cold damage for the final casting of Mausoleum of levistus
I then rolled 7 damage for the warping of the ring, for a total of 75.
Somehow, as the party rode away from the city, ice climbing up their heels, they look back for just a moment and see Drayax, not dead, simply blink out of reality
And that is where the session ended.

Session 15.5 3/11/24 - Picture of sick man

ALRIGHTY
It's 2:30 AM, I have a cup of vanilla-caramel coffee, four classes ending soon, and I'm a month and a half behind on recaps
Who's ready to rock!?

Session 16 3/18/24 - We open session 16 on Drayax, dying. Having been shunted out of reality, Drayax awakens in a Vault. One that he recognizes. A Vault deep deep below his home city. Knowing the dangers of the vault, he stays in place, and makes a death save. When he clutches his chest and looks back up he sees Shanon, the town burnt to ash where he was captured and sealed in the astral plane, somehow only a week ago. He walked down the amphitheater towards the conspicuously clean ruins on stage, before he was overcome with pain once again. When he opened his eyes he saw the ring on his hand cracking his scales, revealing... nothing underneath. Just darkness. The scales felt cold, but not due to the injuries, when Drayax looked up again he was back in the Cryomancer's keep. He sprinted out of the lightweight division workshop towards a dark figure who's presence he recognized. The presence of death. The presence that resonated in the spells he cast, the blade on his back, and the ring on his hand. Reality shifted once again, and Drayax found himself in a pinewood glade surrounded by fireflies, and half a dozen sleeping adventurers, including himself just a week prior. Drayax pried the ring off of his hand and dropped it into the freshly forming snow, where the younger Drayax took note of a glittering object while waiting on watch duty. Before they could notice the present Drayax, however, cracked, beaten, and with dark mortal wounds, reality shifted again. Drayax found himself face-to-face with a creature of the abyss. The one Drayax knew he would one day return to. The figure warned that what was about to happen to Drayax was out of his control. What I neglected to say was this: Drayax passed out after that encounter. Completely unconscious, so he would not know what happened next. For you reading this, however, I'll tell you the actual last thing that happened in that scene. Reality shifts one last time, and Drayax collapses on a bar of a very very large tavern
Oh boy, I was hoping because these sessions were so long ago that I'd have shorter recaps... That doesn't look like it's gonna be the case, does it?
After the scene with Drayax we come to the main party. Perrin, Geros, Jadaya, Aben, and Reginald, plus Bailey the horse, as well as the unconscious bodies of Finn, Khione, and Alisha, and TECHNICALLY Drayax, but that'll be resolved later, I promise. The party books it away from the keep, traveling through the night and into morning. Over the following day of travel the party reconnect with eachother, check in, take in the landscape. Escaping a near-death situation is a hard thing to do on your mental state, so there was a lot of recovering from... that. In any case, the party spots an encampment just before nightfall. Several VERY fancy looking purple tents with the emblem of a gold rose embroidered onto the cloth, as well as some crates of equipment for travel labeled with an intricate "B". The players make their way in, briefly noting the bandit-run pastry cart, though failing to note the hiding rogue waiting behind it. Our new character, Daefaren, has been listening in to the happenings of the camp all day and knows that visitors aren't expected. Seeing how tired they all look, he tries to lift some cash off of them. Things go surprisingly well when he snags some off of Perrin, and then things go VERY wrong when he snags some off of Geros. Daefaren, seeing 3d6+5 damage of searing smite maul headed towards his vital organs, rightfully decides that now is the time to leave. He then wrongfully decides that fighting back from the trees is the next best thing. He was in a camp full of powerful warriors, I do my best to defend, but man, I genuinely don't know what you were thinking at this point. Things go especially awry when Daefaren launches an arrow at Geros. The arrow misses, thankfully, but unfortunately Geros is holding two unconscious NPCs that the party has grown very attached to. Geros failed the dex save, meaning the arrow hits Finn. (deep inhale), this may have been THE UNLUCKIEST natural 20 I've ever seen in my life. With all the sneak attack, and all
the dice rolled, the attack does JUST BARELY not enough to send Finn below -Max HP... by 1 point. 1 point and Finn would have been just straight up dead. Geros goes into a blind rage, and the trumpeting alerts the leader of this encampment, one Fabian Briar. Fabian, great fighter (not so great at most other things), quickly identifies Daefaren's position and calls it out to the rest of the party, taking him down from the treetops with ranged support and the help of Perrin. Daefaren is cuffed and put in a 118,580 lbs steel cage inside one of the tents. The next day Reginald, who recognized Daefaren, came and negotiated the terms of his release with Fabian. And that's about where we ended the session.

Session 17 3/25/24 - I triiiiiiiiiiiied something different to start this session, but my narration skills weren't quite good enough for the thing I was aiming for, so I just kind of rushed through it. We started, briefly, on Theodore. Better known as Finn's Ex inky werewolf boyfriend (man, the sentences you can only come up with by playing this game). A reminder, last we saw Theo, Drayax caved half his skull in. Theo was intended to have a mythic form for phase 2, but instead booked it into the snow, running away. Now he was lost, no access to spells, no access to equipment or food, no access to his home or the resources of his organization (the black ice cryomancers). The only thing he did have was clarity. Levistus' ink no longer clouded his eyes. Er, *eye. Remember, half his skull is gone. He holes up residence in a cave, using a handful of Levistus' spell scrolls to guard the entrance, and through some ingenuity, and swiping some materials from the encampment, is able to fashion some glassblower's tools. He spends the rest of the time thinking, contemplating what to do next, until the party arrives. Despite being the most injured, Finn is actually the first to wake up. He finds a note on his bedstand from Theo, asking them to meet at the cave he's residing in. Finn talks to the rest of the party. The party has some diplomatic discussion with Fabian. And then the group decides to head off to the cave. They first encounter the spell scrolls around the cave entrance. Daefaren is sent in as bait, but nothing happens. Due to levistus' magic being overloaded by Drayax, his spell scrolls no longer activate, they just turn to dust. Unfortunately inside are two dire wolves. Two NORMAL dire wolves. This is just any ol' encounter you can find on a list, super normal stuff, no unexpected outcomes...
The party got puppies.
Like, a lot of puppies. I figures I'd roll for the sex of each wolf (I got male and female), then I'd roll for the probability of puppies (18 on a DC of 16), then I'd roll for the quantity of puppies (3d4)... SOMEHOW I ROLLED MAXIMUM PUPPIES. T-Twelve puppies. O h   m y   g o d. So, the party somehow befriended the dire wolves, I gUeSs, using several very good rolls and convincing Geros to put the flaming hammer away. At one point it did get dicy though, since Geros couldn't see Daefaren in the cave, and wanted to make sure he wasn't being attacked... So he threw a spear towards Daefaren's voice to give him a weapon... Jesus what have I gotten myself into. I made Geros roll 1d4.
1 = hits nothing. Just bounces off the cave wall.
2 = hits Daefaren
3 = hits the Dire Wolf mom
4 = HITS A PUPPY
Thankfully Geros missed the mom and the puppies. Unfortunately, Geros hit Daefaren in the abdomen. Daefaren remained remarkably calm though, and the fight was SOMEHOW resolved peacefully. After the... fight, the party pushed deeper into the cave, encountering some details about Finn's past, and some rough rubble, and then finally they met up with Theodore. Theo had fashioned himself a marbled blue glass prosthetic of sorts to put over his injury. The ink that normally flowed out of it and stained the air now rolled around inside, like the smoke when you put a lid on a candle. Theo offered an out. An escape to Finn called the Order of the Lycanthrope, a group of people also cursed with lycanthropy who've begun research into ancient banned blood magic to treat their symptoms, and even potentially control it. Eventually, Finn went with him, and the two disappeared into a teleportation circle Theo had inscribed on the ground. The party went back to the camp site and that's where the session ended. 

Session 18 4/1/24 - Nothing intersting happend on April fools day. I swear.
(okay, real talk, it's almost 4 AM I'll do the other recaps later. Yes, including the april fools one)